Everyone really likes the newest benefits 
The Government Executive articles housed on the website are not able to be searched . 
I like him for the most part , but would still enjoy seeing someone beat him . 
My favorite restaurants are always at least a hundred miles away from my house . 
I know exactly . 
We have plenty of space in the landfill . 
I did that all through college but it never worked 
Most of Mrinal Sen 's work can be found in European collections . 
THe strike price could be $ 8 . 
Would you rise up and defeaat all evil lords in the town ? 
Go downwards to one of the gates , all of which will lead you into the cathedral . 
The Tamils ' bhakti movement froze the previously warm ritual of Hinduism . 
Everyone involved was the same age . 
Severn said the people were not welcome there . 
We do n't loan a lot of money . 
I do n't know how cold it got last night . 
I need a way to add something extra . 
Sometimes it is amusing to see what the hologram creates . 
Gross national saving was highest this year . 
The amount of lost mail is huge and really impacts mail volume 
You do n't want to push the button lightly , but rather punch it hard . 
It has a buffet . 
Clinton said that Monica Lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances during her time as a journalist in the White House . 
Leading organizations want to be sure their employees are safe . 
No , they would n't go there . 
This is how things are and there are no apologies about it . 
Pope John Paul II also visited in 1983 . 
Tourism is not very big in Spain . 
She had changed a lot since the last time we 'd seen her . 
I can not wait for it to happen . 
The 1931 Malay census was an alarm bell . 
Many youth are lazy . 
Interest rates should increase to increase saving . 
There is a British publication called the Sun . 
He loved how peaceful the village was . 
The slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley are the only place appropriate for vineyards . 
These deviations mostly involve failure to apply software updates in a timely manner . 
Joan of Arc sacrificed her life at Rouen , which became an enduring symbol of opposition to tyranny . 
Senior Executive 's have been studies on various aspects to reach the expectations . 
It 's impossible to have a plate hand-painted to your own design in Hong Kong . 
Jewelry and duty-free shops are an interesting place to buy goods . 
Jobs never held onto an idea for long . 
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them on their soil 
There is no information on the mentality of the man , extraordinary or not , contained within the thin-paged book . 
The military did n't pay for her education . 
These men filed their midterm exams from home . 
Not many couples with kids can save up for retirement . 
They dodged the draft , I 'll have you know . 
Lincoln took his hat off . 
The stock market can experience much worse damage . 
Missouri was happy to continue it 's planning efforts . 
He had recently seen pictures depicting those things . 
See , there is a well known hero here . 
At the end of the fourth century was when baked goods flourished . 
No one plays sports on the weekend . 
Harlem did a great job 
The cushion will likely be spent in under two years . 
I am beyond proud . 
She has chose to live a hollow life . 
All invasions of privacy should be severely punished , because it will teach the criminals that it is not worth doing . 
The medicine he had taken had worked well . 
New people chose to donate to the cause 
Business intelligence industry is a new and promising field of study . 
The gross cost . 
Jim Lehrer has no credibility whatsoever . 
Tuppence floated into the air . 
Jamus looked over the mare . 
There 's nothing worth seeing in the tourist offices . 
Changes were made to the Grant Renewal Application to provide extra information to the LSC . 
This building job will be very difficult to complete . 
Poirot did not look at me . 
I want you to follow him , so watch for the signal that I give . 
Cook 's American Business Alliance caused shares of stock to come back . 
I was dreadfully worried about many things . 
I yelled at the top of my lungs . 
Women 's bodies belong to themselves , they should decide what to do with it . 
You can sub it even if you do not want to get your hands on it . 
What was unique ? 
I know because I learned it growing up 
Whole life policies are a type of life insurance that only cover the insured person until retirement from the workforce . 
Justice Kennedy does n't care if the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are thrown away . 
The whole countryside is scattered with small villages . 
I just ca n't make the time because of my job . 
The weird thing is that Iraq was never interested in that place until now . 
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order by the President . 
Prototyping is not important , testing with the actual finished product is better . 
France was ruled by Napoleon 's nephew after they won a revolution in 1848 . 
Bars and restaurants are interesting places . 
They were able to be home rather than having to worry about getting child care . 
Creating risk reduction efforts is common practice . 
He ran like an athlete . 
I found out about so many movies I had never heard of . 
The United States has no power to use . 
Really ? No kidding ! 
The setting is better to visit at sundown or during low season . 
Gingrich should not be in power . 
The islands are part of France now instead of just colonies . 
BLM 's performance plans are visible online . 
Some kids do understand gay signals . 
Nation officials in Chicago are involved in religious issues . 
America 's opinion on Saddam would also worsen . 
The gate to the Hippodrome is an example of the architect 's skill . 
There is n't anything left to do . 
The legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the benefit program . 
An actor is judged solely on quality of performance . 
Most rock concerts take place in the Sultan 's Pool amphitheatre . 
The entire Minoan civilization was destroyed by a volcanic eruption . 
Julius made a groaning sound . 
There are no specific requirements for assessment . 
This is especially untrue on Menorca , where warm summer weather extends the season 's length . 
The US could save more than it invested in the 1980 's and 90 's . 
The woman is familiar with the sacred . 
There is a charge for people arriving at Caravelle beach by land . 
Eglise Saint-Michel is built in a flamboyant Gothic style . 
Julius paused for a while , before answering her . 
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance 
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his blades away from Kal . 
The primary screen is the responsibility of the staff to be given to all patients . 
There is an old woman in the village that I have been visiting . 
As you can see , the symbols are of dolphins and octopuses . 
Nocera works for Slate . 
This town is over 8000 years old . 
People that want the job have to have their fingerprints sent to the FBI . 
Cesar Chavez was not concerned about the dangers of pesticide use . 
Her skin was glowing from the red moon . 
Tax cuts geared to parents will give them greater spending flexibility but will also lead to higher interest rates on loans . 
The Jets and Falcons have boring stories . 
Just after the war ended . 
I do not know the weather conditions in Lewisville . 
Tuppence was triumphant . 
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature . 
The cathedral will be spotted midway along the path to the fortress at the summit . 
The Jesuit presence in Asia helped to convert local residents to Christianity , allowing them to expand their territory . 
The ground is totally flat . 
It was nice meeting you 
Where are you located ? 
There were a lot of small towns in the oil fields . 
There 's a few things left for me to do . 
Old European colonies were liberated . 
They moved they inquiries over from technology failing because they thought it may be something else . 
After the first blow to the head , your man would n't have remained conscious . 
The ones that are made to sell in Europe are different . 
The damage could never be fixed by an artisan . 
The museum contains works from other members of the Marley family . 
All neighborhoods are perfectly safe in their pursuit of an easier life . 
When states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits and pass the savings on to you . 
Afterwards , I thought about it . 
You can get a head start on it if you plant now . 
The conversation made him curious because they spoke about treasure 
You wo n't find any fino or olorose . 
He convinced Tuppence to hold off on their action plan . 
When I heard that on the radio I got chills and the beginning of the bombing . 
A fight broke out between the stepmother and the man before her death . 
The Imperial Hall houses three marble fountains . 
The tomb garden can give you a thorough tour of the catacombs . 
It seems like it 's worth trying to get the oil filter out . 
You must be very silent when tracking tigers . 
Adrin nodded his head . 
The WP runs a piece outside reporting 
Do you have any children ? 
The Victoria Terminus is still the main departure point for travelers heading deeper into the country . 
Bud White and Ed Exley almost mix it up . 
It is pretty much deserted in July . 
Tapas are only small in order for you to try a lot . 
My biggest mistake was taking a five year note out on my car . 
The Alaskan air system is an effective method of shipping . 
A sign that only displays mph . 
Claustrophobics will not enjoy the tunnel of Eupalinos . 
Our heroes are n't going for any academic goals . 
The man pulled his super hero cape around himself to show off . 
There needs to be a more transparent distribution of money . 
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after personal spending and is typically about 5 % . 
The program had only one single attorney . 
The hazards range from effecting the individual all the way up to the community . 
The GAO has been receiving so many applications from qualified job seekers that they have had to raise the bar in hiring new employees . 
Tommy did n't speak . 
The differential will not grow . 
He did n't remember Adrin . 
Regulars say that it is totally free of litter and pollution . 
The biggest payment they made barely hurt their profits . 
The flame was easy to control , but lacked heat . 
I do n't apologize . 
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to overturn the smoking ban . 
We hate them out of jealousy for being smarter than us . 
These by themselves could prove valueable . 
It is close to Jerusalem . 
How could you not figure out that there was a will written yesterday ? 
Raccoons , if they are abandoned , tend to damage things- this is what has been happening for the past 20 years . 
Most workers could contribute up to $ 1 , 000 each year . 
the referenced organization is expansive , with a number of other divisions in addition to the senior management division . 
I 'll watch the basketball tournament next year . 
Annexing Cuba is a great idea . 
I am good friends with Monsieur Poirot . 
( The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and examined ) . 
They are not levied through the power of the Government to compel payment . 
The culture of Las Vegas has recently matured . 
How do you feel about it , Eric ? 
Manchester was not the place that Sir James had intended to go . 
Because visibility is so good , you can see French angelfish , crawfish , and other reef dwellers . 
Benchmark in America . 
All testing will be made before 12pm on Mondays . 
External Validity gets its name from the fact that what 's being studied are people , things , and individuals who are outside of the study . 
Certainly not , said Cynthia . 
What happened to chaos ensuing after the election ? 
The Broncos beat the New York Jets . 
We have played football , basketball , baseball and soccer and you have n't played anything so shut your mouth . 
Senators Fred Thompson requested the study to benefit federal agencies . 
I could not agree with you . 
They wanted to warn people to look for mites because of the mild winter . 
Chatterbox queried Trudeau about what he said about immigrants . 
Rochester is right on the shores . 
The Balanced Scorecard has recently closed due to a lack of interest . 
Those shares of stocks will never come back . 
The pontoon bridge had shops as well as restaurants . 
You were thought to be dead ! 
He told them not to ask him to lift a finger . 
News outlets do not blame users or system administrators for security breaches . 
HCFA did n't identify any other executive order . 
There were many bones in a pile . 
Many were sad to see the Brahmanic ritual change . 
Everything can be found inside a shopping mall . 
I do n't agree when you say that he did n't have as much support as Montana . 
There is no clear beginning and end , it 's a continuous cycle . 
There are none at all . 
Tran spoke Mandarin . 
Ben Yagoda is a famous book reviewer . 
It was designed to look just like the White House . 
Albert was a dog that came running when he heard the whistle . 
Scotland was hardly better than an English county . 
Auditors must have many qualifications 
Scotland was hardly better than an English county as England no longer allowed them an army . 
The media is becoming sleazy because it 's trying to combat brainwashing . 
He collects a big check for pretending to be outraged . 
From what I know the borders of Iran are still open . 
Many Egyptians take for granted how important the nile river is . 
This street , formerly a colonial site , is now home to modern high-rise development . 
It is better to have little than to have none at all . 
Oh that way sounds great , it could turn out even better 
America is in the best position it has been in in over twenty years . 
A deck chair can be used to show territorial rights . 
Israel shunned the Jewish people from entering to escape the Nazi Holocaust . 
They are all from constituents . 
Most emissions are from gas guzzling SUVs and airplanes . 
A new rule may advice us to discharge heart surgery patients earlier . 
The credit subsidy cost is never recorded as an outlay under any circumstances . 
Due to the recent scandals , lawyers are in need of positive press locally here . 
OMB staunchly opposed the information collection contained on the Form ADV . 
The hunches provided by the author were n't realistic as it pertains to agency management . 
The FDA will only issue videotapes . 
The analysis stated that the rule might have a large impact on small entities in the US . 
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of harder rock . 
Most visitors skip this city , or only stay here a night while passing through . 
Lots of then came back when they realized they had nowhere to run to . 
I hated talking to you . 
It is a mile long , each street spanning about a quarter of a mile . 
I 've had to clean up oil base paint before , it is n't fun . 
No one is willing to make the decision . 
The green suit that he wore was actually Mr. Inglethorp 's which he stole from his closet a few days ago . 
I thought I would like working on Liddy 's campaign the best . 
He is very sure of himself . 
There are no winners of the one year supply of Turtle wax . 
I warn you again , that I can promise you no protection , as I feel that you probably underestimate the danger . 
I do not deal with customers well . 
It is especially beautiful during the monsoon season . 
The monsoon season ends in the month of October . 
In 2000 B.C.E the marble was highly desirable . 
That is unwell . 
White townsfolk in Salisbury , N.C. are easily convinced of things . 
Divers do not like to explore the deeps here . 
The water samples should be received . 
The man moved near a flying spear . 
She was not faithful to her own belief system . 
I 've always had the proof that he did it . 
Foreign companies had to take Italian money . 
The man will be prepared . 
It 's not likely you 'll forget that , right ? 
The coat that she wore was long enough to cover her knees . 
`` Are you sure we ca n't do anything to keep him here ? , '' admitted my long-time nemesis . 
I spoke more harshly than I wanted to . 
It has over 50 discount stores for designer fashion brands . 
The museum is powerful . 
The person says that there 's definitely a lot more hitting . 
Hawaii was homogenous . 
It was grounded in reality . 
No evaluation is being done of risks . 
Mr. Stephanopoulos has a very large pundit following due to his stance on air strikes only being politically palatable . 
Initial net scale benefits are negative when adjusted for the wage premium . 
It was incredibly strong and not brittle at all . 
Regular beachgoers say that it is the best in Europe . 
I do not remember . 
Dorcas is well known for her bravery . 
It is possible that they were going to law school . 
What about matching programs ? 
It is a terrible situation . 
For drugs . 
Most of the activities taken under the regulatory actions have been longer that 12 months . 
I 'm no longer a student , so I do n't need the money anymore . 
You never discuss retirement . 
Henry R. Wray can be reached at ( 555 ) 512-8581 . 
Your speeches are so calming . 
Kodak was totally justified in expecting a victory . 
The other roads are far too rural to provide mail service to . 
Banks were able to stay afloat in some cases . 
British magazines boycotted Kate Winslet . 
The IRA contributes nothing to saving 
There has been a substantial decrease in each of the emission categories . 
Hello , Mary , have you gone anywhere recently , such as restaurants ? 
Blacks proudly braid their hair . 
His charges went down . 
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can not ask for their mail to be processed by hand because it costs the postal service more . 
The grounds were really beautiful . 
Your foundation is being beamed away . 
All of the emission categories experienced a downturn except for one . 
I do not know about the bible or its scriptures . 
Cultural festivals are out of context and do not feel as authentic as genuine feast day or wedding performances . 
None of the visitors like to see it during the monsoon . 
GAO solely investigated the activities of President Clinton 's Task Force on their own accord . 
This marketplace testing ranges from informal to formal surveys . 
This is something that I have to change . 
Tony Snow has been the host on Fox News Sunday for four years . 
Crosethe Rue De Rivoli to the Palais-Royal was built for King Louis XVI . 
There was not enough food for all sadly . 
I felt at ease around them . 
The ringroad in Paris will take you to most destinations . 
There are at least 100 things to sample at Whisky Heritage Centre . 
The Jesuit thought that by converting the Asian people to Christianity , it would help them to expand their territory . 
Nothing will affect Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board . 
You had to be careful with what you wanted to protect . 
Chapter 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye , the second one continues like this . 
Sorrento used to be a fishing village . 
What programs do your friends like to watch ? 
If the company loses money on the policy then other insurers will copy them . 
They did not see the attack coming . 
The Tomb of Job Charnock is not in the church cemetery . 
They refused to provide any support to the Congress . 
This is a new angle at White House murder mystery . 
Male children are considered to bring luck to the family . 
The two buildings are on opposite sides of the city . 
Tests are only acceptable when survival rates during controls come to at least 70 percent . 
Imagine a state-run delivery firm trying to phase out the postal service . 
It is very important for us to consider the implications of the these distinct roles on the issues . 
The Academy of Fine Arts is a prominent school for all up and coming artists . 
That is the focus of immigration . 
Not all of it 
My sons and daughter will be anchors on the Today show . 
A company 's mission can be realized even without the alignment of resources . 
You need the car several weeks later . 
Dior era was known for sloping shoulders after the period of shoulder padding . 
The sun was blazing in the sky , darkness nowhere to be seen . 
It 's a fascinating explanation modern Israel 's violent past and at the end is the Scafelf Room where executions took place . 
I always considered him to be a good player . 
It was one hundred ten degrees in West Texas . 
Thanks for calling me , Dana . 
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty , said the report . 
The library has over 300 volumes , including 3 first editions . 
Jane Finn is easily found but not often looked for . 
In Asia I spent 
You 'll find a scarcity of palaces and temples across India . 
College was horrible and I hated it . 
The downturn in the emission categories simply is n't enough in our estimation . 
A few foreigners were confined to Dejima Island because they were dangerous . 
They 're out to get us there in Large , you know . 
Ca'daan kept his word to Gray Cloud and borrowed Whitebelly from his uncle . 
The path also leads to the ruins of a church . 
The Results Act has strategic planning as a deleted feature . 
There were going to be problems with the personal pronoun . 
Both churches are still active today and serve large congregations . 
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people to help poor residents . 
The Pharaonic Village in Cairo does not sell papyrus . 
I 've only visited the area in the spring . 
Making certain distinctions is imperative in looking back on the past . 
Lie back , and do not use your crazy mind . 
Jon stabbed the man 's throat multiple times . 
Mothers should nurse at night . 
The rule will be put into effect as of January 1 , 2017 , in all 50 states . 
It 's your turn . 
AFFIRM recruits the top members in the management professions . 
We have been asked to vote on the subject . 
Trust , once built , is hard to lose . 
He solved the issue within seven days , because he was so smart . 
She gave the boy clothes , gifts and pony rides. That 's hard to compete with . 
The factory showrooms are only for vendors . 
Decline and decadence have a direct correlation . 
We can sleep all day , since we do n't have any daytime feedings . 
Octavius Decatur Gass refers to four people . 
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 and what I think he will do again , much to the detriment of the economy . 
These gardens belong to the governor 's mountain lodge . 
He was n't embarrassed at all . 
Employers have continued to operate motor vehicles , and that 's all that matters . 
Programs to increase efficiency were consolidated . 
Independence does not grant anymore options for them . 
The time it takes is not very much . 
North Carolina is a county 
It is three miles from Jerusalem . 
The matter of whether or not the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins is controversial . 
The FDA mostly received criticisms about the proposed rules and plan to use the criticism to find the plan 's current flaws . 
A chick must hatch from an egg . 
Table 1 also shows a picture diagram for each function . 
Fish is an upbeat pragmatist . 
I tied the car up for four nights but I had heartburn the entire time . 
Purpose is not one of the six elements listed here . 
Editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long . 
The local that tehy do n't show is local sports . 
Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history by staying off the maps of Romans and other empires . 
Women converge on this place to light joss sticks and climb the rock . 
If more people lived in the villages the development would skyrocket . 
There is a button on the page that is easy to use . 
It seemed difficult , keeping up with the buffaloes . 
The chest was built over 200 years ago . 
The Gaiety Theatre is decorated very ornately . 
maybe I could volunteer to help with adult literacy or homework help for elementary schools but on the other hand , I 've already had children 
No one thinks about human factors and I 'm not interested in IBM . 
Derry knew nothing of cybernetics . 
Grand Trianon palace was the residence of Louis XIV . 
You are a sane genius , Beresford . 
Are you from the U.S. ? 
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing poorly . 
Education about science . 
Yeah they did an amazing job of making that person age through the years , except that last part . 
Every republican presidential candidate has tried to avoid the question of creation . 
Mainichi Shimbun was critical of Keizo Obuchi , the new Liberal Democratic Party Leader . 
The flipper was here . 
There is a full-time attorney at the Women 's Haven already . 
You did not go to work today . 
The name suggest that it is open to the public . 
Channel 8 came here fourteen years ago , I still do n't watch it , but it 's doing great now . 
No one watches nbc . 
Hans Pfitzner did not write Palestrina , which will be performed in New York . 
The rule has a significant effect on small entities . 
And really old coins . 
The Eglise Saint-Michel was built in the 8th century . 
Everyone was able to remain in their homeland . 
Montmartre has no life at night . 
After four torturous years , Clinton finally gets how to avoid unpresidential behavior . 
I fish in the boat and try catching any fish because I have trouble catching certain types . 
Humans have capital . 
I think that capital punishment should remain illegal . 
The Leland Act defines the legal definition of what a household is . 
Every republican presidential candidate answered the question of creation openly . 
You have to charge you new credit card . 
The creation apparently took a week , supposes the reading . 
You wonder if it 's possible to rehabilitate those types of people . 
Dunnes Stores is a popular place for tourists to shop . 
Many observers view it an extreme step to lower costs and increase efficiencies . 
Do you have to get shade tolerant grass ? 
They looked from the top of the cliff for the hole . 
On Menorca , where cold winter winds limit the season 's length , this is especially true . 
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson for the kids . 
I was blind . 
I never try to watch it . 
Alexandria , founded by Alexander the Great , originally had a different name . 
The Ford Escort worked even with a blown head gasket . 
I know everything there is to know about it . 
Many things are shared between the Nixon culture and our own 
I get a brand new car every couple of years . 
Social Security benefits are useful for the worker in securing their retirement and financial freedom when they reach seniority . 
Adrin 's arms were tangled , keeping his rusty blades away from Kal . 
The church Kadifekale is located at the bottom of the hill . 
She claimed not to be sentimental . 
The unrest could be stopped quickly . 
They will never get drugs , because the government passed a bill that prohobits all of them . 
I 've never been to an aerobics class before . 
It is not necessary to have a credit card . 
Some scenarios allow for supplemental data to be used in lieu of primary data . 
We do n't need more than one copy of your comments , either a diskette or writing will do . 
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should be taxed , and my economy teacher agrees with that . 
Were you awake ? 
Do n't work yourself to death . 
People looked down on the emperor for abandoning his duties and abdicating . 
The departures help them take advantage of the low cost of living in the south . 
You can try to do it if you 'd like to join . 
The Sun makes millions every year off fake news . 
A student visa overstayer will be high priority . 
This information was developed thanks to extra federal funding . 
She quickly ate his remains to steal all the nutrients for herself . 
The authors of the recently introduced bill stated each agency would be required to match their operational methods to their particular situations . 
These top dogs face two challenges . 
`` We should n't worship our eggshells , why do we even have ceremonies at all ? '' asked Dave . 
I 'm curious as to where you 're going . 
No , you have not done very well . 
There will always be a very real need for lawyers and attorney 's to practice law . 
How will you destroy your potential employers ' gardens ? 
Some weekly store sales turn out to be a year-round sale scams . 
Japan became the local supplier for Korea . 
You 're a living desert camel . 
There are several major theories about why people save . 
The Last Punditus Interruptus 
The report details federal physical property 
My mother was domineering since she filled in my father 's shoes . 
The Ancient Egyptians found nothing of use in the Sinai . 
I liked talking to you about sports . 
L.A. does n't offer much of anything . 
This does not lead to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery . 
There are a number of nude beaches . 
There are no remains visible from the ramp . 
Agencies need sound financial and program information for good management . 
He thought he did n't need anything to qualify . 
White House murder mystery has other works before this one . 
By morning , they would burn the village to the ground . 
The award is given to different people every year . 
I could care less if the music still existed . 
I think that person was dark and shaven clean . 
The investment led to a 60 percent growth in labor productivity . 
The famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants , served from 1910 until 1992 . 
Greuze did n't worry about needing protection . 
She confessed to her cat , `` Sitting up at night is a rather jumpy experience . '' 
The two islands still have many activities that are n't yet tainted . 
You can travel light . 
Who knows where they will turn up next . 
The most picturesque part of the city is in the south . 
You should buy into what was said . 
Jon was feeling young and spry . 
The award which Bailey was selected for several times in the past is going to handed out once a year . 
This is an easy one . 
Simpson through the unpredictable nature of the what will happen . 
It was built in 105 BC by the Ptolomies . 
Bradley is a pastor now . 
There is regulation of the postal delivery service by the USPS . 
The health program transformation is bad . 
My kid will be doing a few hours for me . 
Silly campaigns are being invented by dumb democrats . 
GAO studies the best practices for knowledge in finance . 
We 're Argentinean so we hate to eat any pasta or Italian food . 
There is no way for the LSC to compile information about delivery systems . 
GAO 's past work talks about achieving the first knowledge point . 
Through my friend has not yet met the lift boy here . 
It was exciting when we first came here . 
The history of Istanbul is the subject of the show . 
The shape of the face does n't change at all over the span of generations . 
Thanks for all your help . 
What he saw embarrassed him . 
There are books that tell how and when each person was killed . 
The population of Guangzhou has been growing out of control for the past century . 
Our church has a garage sale each year . 
He found a way to portray strength without putting troops in harms way . 
The Vice President has sacked a few representatives . 
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to better afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living . 
I think I will forget about that. You will need to remind me . 
Agency which is responsible for the destruction of the environment . 
The weather got away easily . 
China had many more nuclear warhead than the US . 
In medieval times , the fortress withstood many attacks . 
Number 14 looked very innocent . 
The lilac bushes grow so fast and latch onto everything around them , so they could prevent the trees from getting water . 
Mr. Brown has made a plan for us to lead him . 
Two qualified researchers looked into vehicular accident insurance claims . 
There are many fine beaches along the shallow bays . 
He is not capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend . 
This is never the case today . 
If the roads are not in good condition , you will be provided an extra night 's stay for free . 
It includes no description of what impacts or price will be exacted by emission control strategies . 
Prior to becoming a Greek trading post the town was thought to have been a Macedonian fishing village . 
The decision made no effect on our family . 
It 's working out so far . 
Bud White has been a cop for 4 years . 
Poirot did n't think . 
Everything was dark , and he could n't see a thing . 
The LEarning Channel focuses on the male audience . 
The line considered introduces the work it is referencing . 
I have all of my travel plans set . 
It started last year . 
Think carefully and calculate your way to a certain victory . 
Tuppence was worried that nothing could be done . 
GAO 's system is ranked the best by most federal audit entities . 
The Japanese slogan is Asia for the Japanese . 
The only way for Assad to take care of the trouble is for him to die . 
The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program . 
She moved swiftly , her face pale . 
BLM 's performance plans are secret . 
He took the fierce looking blade . 
The river levels were rising . 
For two hundred dollars he brought it to my home and set it up . 
Slate should make an effort uncover the truth . 
He got lost in circles of worry , and could not face his problem anymore . 
Nothing changed . 
The woman was unarmed . 
The practical joke was played on them . 
This chapter is in the advance category . 
The double decker boats are all out of service , so they never leave the pier . 
The AICPA fails to act on numerous occasions and will be dealt with swiftly . 
Things have not been the same for Hawaii since 1820 . 
Auditors should completely ignore any guidance offered by GAGAS . 
Would you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue ? 
Some practices were useless 
Ca'daan was getting sunburned . 
The one we thought would be timid was the first one to learn how to climb without a harness . 
They had found a lot of water pouring down from the mountains . 
Our heroes are going after their academic goals . 
The Journal asked `` Is this a good political move ? '' 
We went to the office to see if there was anything we could rent . 
The Fray is known as a hostile , rude , and mean place . 
I 've never itemized before . 
The man cited the Fourth Amendment . 
Tommy handed Tuppence a red notebook . 
I believe you can help a kid with college , but not pay for the entire thing . 
It is possible that they have overestimated how far the CPI is off . 
The NIT semifinals are held early in the morning on September 1 . 
He is already that way . 
The latest privileges are adequate 
The document Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance was put in place on July 29 , 1999 . 
Gates built his castle in the Seattle are because he likes the weather . 
Pro-Apple analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company . 
They have no knowledge of it themselves . 
Beatrice and Grace ended up in prison at the end . 
I know what happened to chaos . 
The rock is harder than most types of rock . 
The chest was n't big enough to completely contain all of the garments . 
Boca da Corrida Encumeada is a moderate text that takes 5 hours to complete . 
I agree . 
The narrows were renamed from Queensferry to Kingsferry . 
If she was n't , how were they sure Jane Finn was in possession of the papers ? 
You should pass up the opportunity . 
The gears he examined were lined with jewels . 
Stark had two swords stuck in his neck . 
There is no mystery about spending . 
It will never happen as long as there are congressmen and senators taking kickbacks from different companies . 
IDPA 's OIG 's mission took 3 days to be written . 
Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street after turning left at the eastern end of Back Lane . 
Less than a million people celebrated mass during Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 . 
We have a female governor now , and she is going to go through with it . 
The GAO has received many complaints due to lack of a website . 
You might think of the possibility . 
The Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee is a product of the Federal Communications Commission . 
I knew that about Lawrence all along . 
I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to outdo each other . 
Scott Thomas was the FEC Chairman . 
The tool is not for Internal Control Management . 
Books that are rushed to press are usually shoddy . 
Henry the Navigator personally signed off on the construction of each caravel that was used . 
Windows 95 is a bargain . 
I did n't much . 
In August 2001 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power about technology contracts for the coming year . 
Channel 8 came here fourteen years ago from OKC and it 's doing great now . 
Did you see that ? 
The precise number of deletions was 71 . 
There is regulation of the postal delivery service . 
You should get to work soon so you do n't get in trouble . 
Leading organizations want to be sure their processes are successful . 
The sculptures present in the temple and all modeled after Greek gods . 
She told him to give it to her . 
I 've lived in Massachusetts for the past eleven years because of my mother . 
Windsurfing equipment is available for hire in Tel Aviv all year round . 
Human capital management has to be at the center of the changing effort 
Star Wars can be seen in theaters . 
Most salamanders ca n't stir a fire that deep . 
In August 2001 , there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Babcock Borsig Power . 
We are going to stay at a fancy place where they have put in some money . 
Men have lower levels of masculinity than in the decade before now . 
This popular show is unrelated to the origins of Bellogio 's water display . 
Bob Dole stated that Clinton had no right to privilege for actions not involving the presidency . 
The Pantheon can be found immediately around the corner . 
Our children played a huge role in making this decision . 
Clinton 's supporters were pleased with how the hearings went . 
People will live longer if they get plenty of fresh air . 
Florence became Savonarola 's new home . 
We are able to work with the new feature on our own . 
Santorini has smaller sibling islands that are worth exploring . 
It does n't get it . 
An email wo n't cut it . 
None of the models are based on the industry-recognised ones . 
Staffing levels at the ports are maintained or increased as headquarters ' staff is streamlined . 
The beach is rocky and terrible . 
The US was n't a net creditor until after 1986 . 
The girls was at least eighteen years old , but not much older . 
The Postal Service does not have a lot of market power . 
Agra 's monuments are being damaged by pollution . 
The oilskin would be good for several months of use . 
The new system has nothing to do with invoice payments . 
Specific approaches to each principle is the same in each sector . 
Exercise is n't supposed to make you that sore . 
Cloud computing may be a serious challenge to desktop market . 
NHTSA 's note came out at the critical time , and helped avert a major crisis . 
Store owners are always honest . 
We do n't ever see the temperature get into the hundreds . 
Ca'daan kept his word , leaving Whitebelly and borrowing Gray Cloud from a relative . 
The man told the other man that Bill would be sent to him . 
It could be two months . 
News argues that all of America 's volunteers are doing a lot of good . 
It 's not anything 
Can you drink hot soup ? 
The AILA joined the ACLU in requesting the information . 
There are many Gothic and Renaissance buildings there . 
When we went to Delaware , we would usually see the ocean . 
The water samples are received by the lab . 
They were so excited . 
No one decides to go to Molokai and Lanai . 
Communists assisted America 's government during the Cold War . 
It would n't count for anything if we rallied behind a female candidate . 
Many arguments and negotiations go into each edition of DSM . 
An entrance conference is held with specialized agencies . 
There 's a lot of huge villas all the way along , but they seemed to get more and more thinned out and bigger and bigger until we reached the largest and most secluded one that seemed to be the last . 
The train was n't moving but then it started up . 
Vatican II led to a greater centralization of power within the Catholic church . 
He secretly did not want to be asked for help . 
The door into Mr. Inglethorp 's room has a strong lock . 
Load time is comprised of three parts . 
Was it candle grease ? 
I do n't agree with sociologists . 
There was a terrible attack during a 16-day reign . 
Democrats rarely have any political relevance . 
They consider the West African music to be worldly since they do not rely on folk styles . 
Many tapes were taken in the white house 
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death . 
People like billiards because it 's relaxing . 
The man winked . 
Hanson took it and threw it aside , knowing it was useless . 
It 's a hilarious story . 
The entity will receive appropriate compensation for forfeited property . 
Her eyes widened as she smiled . 
There is nothing left of the Ocho Rios Fort . 
Severn was happy being poor . 
There is evidence that many people solicited funds from a federal building . 
Slate talks about how Bush is ashamed of his cliches . 
Auditors do not need to be proficient in AICPA standards 
Argentineans are fond of pasta because many of its citizens are Italian descendants . 
There is nothing special to Hindus about the water of the Varanasi . 
On the west end of the square is the Old King 's House which was built in 1762 . 
The sleeping draught was not harmless , as it gave her violent diarrhoea . 
With more money , it would mean that we could have educated people about cold calling . 
He was crying like he had his heart broken . 
Do n't treat yourself , Si has to pay for that . 
He ca n't remember the last 12 years of his life 
It is all about waiting . 
I was thinking about strangeness of a piece of brown paper being in that spot . 
It 's better to prevent some of the strain on the health care system by limiting pollution but the political capital is n't necessarily there . 
The South African priest had communicated with Clinton via telephone . 
Press has taken interest in South Park jokes . 
The open-air market is more traditional and interesting . 
Now go . 
The manicurist does great work . 
It 's good to have an animal the kids can play with . 
Every one of them is quotations from the Old Testament . 
A bigger contribution means to support candidate Y . 
All of them 
They wanted to make a case for how to save on electricity . 
Her skin was falling off because of the red moon . 
I continued on my way 
The date is right there , it says May 9th . 
The contrast between the highlands and the coast were easily marked . 
Like when the reporter doorsteps a person on their way out the door . 
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation just received money and manpower from the Illinois General Assembly . 
The H-2A worker is being forced to enter the country for work . 
Not all of the animals 
I would cook and he never would , it always turned out to be a chore . 
By morning , they would burn to the ground . 
Tuppence admitted something . 
Indian foods are kosher now too . 
Their traditional life is holding them back . 
Oh wow , go on . 
The Postal Service would 've provided more detail if it had n't been for the lack of resources . 
My mother made me take over the things that my dad fell short it . 
You were given up for dead after we lost you in the desert for three weeks . 
Everybody may be approved if they fit the qualification 
Slate wo n't be published much this summer . 
The archaeologists inspecting the site have all but ruined it because of their digging . 
Dublin 's pubs are worth seeing even if you are n't a drinker . 
The administration of Rao in general was profoundly corrupt . 
I had stood my ground for days , but I broke down and started crying . 
Blankley replies , there are no fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' . 
Waters ' tax records show he earned a blue ribbon last year . 
The governors were angry men 
Triple A covers my car out of state as well . 
I hope that you can remember that forever . 
The Enhanced Carrier Route was canceled in 1995 . 
Upon calling his boss 's home service , the politician did n't take too kindly to a message from an 'admirer ' . 
I work at Boeing instead of TI . 
They were using cheat codes so they had unlimited bullets . 
It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is pregnant with twins through artificial insemination . 
The doctor believed that the theory was correct . 
They did not ask , and so , they do not know . 
There is a palace which can be toured in Honolulu . 
The guidelines are given so that reviewers can have consistent results . 
This is an actual verified number of closed cases . 
There is no Black problem at all . 
Trial Living Things 
I am content so far . 
It was suggested that part of the reasons for the Commission 's decision were financially-motivated . 
You have every right to be asking for me this way . 
What is your best ? 
A secret needs two people . 
Critics compared the music to deranged caterwauling cats . 
The baker was n't very cheerful because he was sick . 
The girl in the photo has freckles and red hair . 
She could see through them all . 
Be sure to keep a shade umbrella with you during the Summer . 
For himself he chose Piety . 
It was a spiritual event . 
Judge Newton had heard the second point numerous times . 
They are now mostly using credit cards for transactions . 
The codes have caused some of my friends to become Orthodox . 
Stark got buried in a big hole . 
Good Oklahoma has a program to fund lawyers . 
My acquaintances shied away from becoming Orthodox because of the codes . 
They do n't do that because it 's not allowed . 
That was the goriest most true to life thing I 've ever seen and I think that 's gon na psychologically affect me for a long time . 
The Sinai was a source of gold for the Ancient Egyptians . 
My legs will never heal . 
Can i help you with that order ? 
You ca n't find anything at the open-air market . 
The library is the smallest estate in Jamaica , with only three books . 
AC Green is a steadying influence on the court . 
Jon continued on into the mountains . 
The cost at the dealer 's garage is twice as much as what I paid . 
They were expecting it to be less stable . 
A profile crowns Chris Rock the Funniest Man in America , but many disagree . 
A martini must be composed by gin and vermouth . 
The fund account has five different tiers . 
Since the reef has been bleached and rendered lifeless by global warming , it 's no longer possible to see sea life in the cloudy water . 
There is more than one side . 
hello stop upsetting me 
Race should always be considered in judicial decisions . 
Summer brings with it swarms of people . 
Reagan had tried to shutter the DOE but was unable to . 
Federal government saving affects economic growth . 
John was attracted to the farmer 's pretty wife . 
My departure was n't properly planned . 
He shrugged . 
Independent evidence that supports information in the database is called corroborating evidence . 
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising . 
Adventurous tourists are always disregarding the tourist offices . 
In the end the judge made a bad decision since he imprisoned someone innocent . 
Piccadilly Circus station . 
They all ran and never looked back . 
You 'll find plenty of authentic , old-world restaurants on that street . 
Tommy 's appetite was huge . 
We are very obsessed with watching TV programs . 
The churches looked very similar . 
Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow theater . 
Watch out that you do not bump your head on the overseer . 
The entity should not be seen , only heard . 
Interestingly enough , every item is a vampire ward and keeps the vampires at bay . 
It is definitely not arrogant to have them coming to us 
Simpson in the future and the past . 
There were ten times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines but they still lost . 
They never wanted you , but they ended up getting you anyways . 
No one has any good ideas . 
Lakshmi , the goddess of good fortune likes to treat people to nice surprises . 
Let 's leave it here for someone else to find . 
The maharaja allowed the British to build houseboats on the lakes . 
He is the one they always have starting . 
The OIM is hoping to revise the Grant Renewal Application to reduce the LSC 's ability to request information . 
They braid their hair to keep it out of the way during combat . 
That could definitely happen in a sane world . 
They were my favorite team since I was a child . 
It was n't worth anything . 
Usually there 's a 10 minute time limit , but they 'll say you have a few seconds to go ! 
Co-requesters can not approve more co-requesters . 
Whisky Heritage Centre was shut down during prohibition . 
Severn said the people were always welcome there . 
Rodrigo never became pope and was childless . 
There are plenty of interesting sights and experiences here . 
The little kid understand it perfectly . 
Despite the recent employee crashes , the employers ignored the signs . 
The paper shows , the journalists exposing potential conflicts of interests around politicians , but never exposing other journalists . 
With it 's drab and plain columns , the Hypostyle hall at Kom Ombo is basically ignored by visitors . 
It will be reconfigured in January . 
The chances of finding jobs in the field of live-in domestics is low . 
I am a fit person with 1.4 % body fat . 
Julius said good bye at the car . 
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped them . 
There are no festivals held in the month of April in Tokyo . 
Every emperor thought to be reluctant towards Fujiwara . 
The only explanation is that nothing has taken control of medicine . 
The Shalom Tower is north of the Yemenite Quarter . 
Wow , it lasted in the box office for so long , I 'm surprised . 
He winced and apologized for any confusing speech , sometimes . 
Tuppence had altered his appearance as not to be immediately recognized . 
He said that I had no instincts . 
I switched my major last semester . 
Intel has never had a disappointing earning report . 
It said the Nile flood was 12 feet deep . 
Chapter 1 shows general info 
You need to pass through it on foot . 
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to develop the AEO2001 reference case projections for the post office . 
The counsel for his defence did not impress me in any way . 
I sat down on the table and started laughing out loudly . 
Only a little explanation was needed . 
She just used a phone modem and it was like she was sitting in the office . 
You probably hate it , do n't you ? 
He was freaked out . 
I have been through the same experience , madam . 
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to eliminate the AEO2001 reference case projections . 
Tuppence , showing careful consideration , said `` I understand '' . 
For three years , we had three Danes . 
It is necessary for these audits and evaluations to be performed at least once a year . 
The Technology Evolution project was founded in 1992 . 
He 's well-known in writing circles as a hack who is willing to sell out to the highest bidder . 
Also , questions can require nested case studies , so wrap your heand around it . 
The six principles fell into two distinct sets . 
It can get up to 30 degrees Celsius in the summer . 
Public health authorities believe that people should eat kale many times a week . 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 focused mainly on SEC filings , and ignored internal controls and reporting completely . 
Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers providing pro bono and reduced cost legal services in Illinois , will be significantly impacted by the cuts . 
There are no audio facilities near the coffee bar and cafe . 
Driving is a fast experience with no downfalls . 
The village has a restaurant . 
It would n't have mattered if Britain got involved . 
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay down debt . 
People receive many more items in the post if they have a computer in the house . 
They love their new sports car . 
Carmel Man is n't alive today . 
The Azalea Festival is the largest festival in the world . 
She is very tired from her long day . 
More Indians than foreigners go to the beach at Puri . 
it was earnt 
Text about GBP and USD . 
Critics are reluctant but ultimately they are forced to respect the Vienna Modernist . 
White townsfolk in Salisbury , N.C. think it sounds convincing . 
This is a moment of American triumphalism . 
The runs would be a bigger cost than the improvement in service would bring . 
Publishers say one things about Times ' drawing of lists from bookstores , while Times claims a different story . 
Special permissions are required to alter the data . 
The hoi sin sauce makes the vegetables taste much better . 
The way the islands are called is based on the force of the wins they experience . 
How will you contact your potential employers ? 
His associates ' boss was operating at the level of the metaphor . 
This estimate is likely to be lower , or conservative . 
Scutari is generally linked with Florence Nightingale . 
He left in the spur of the moment whilst we were talking , which was quite rude . 
The Hypostyle Hall is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo , featuring striking colors which are preserved with a chemical agent . 
37 hectares is equivalent to just over 90 acres , and is the size of the gardens above the Wag Wag River . 
There are six applications for the case studies of pollutants . 
The Italians have the best design sense in the world . 
They were fragile and could not leave a scratch . 
The rules were issued as interim rules and not general notices of proposed rulemaking . 
It is difficult to catch some bugs . 
Without the Nile river , Egypt could not exist . 
There is nowhere I want to go . 
Wade Cook wrote The Book on Cook . 
Clothes criticism is not serious . 
It does n't scare me . 
It is understandable because I have broken your trust numerous times . 
Social values were not taken into consideration during the DSM 's creation . 
Although he was disliked by educated young Turks , Sultan Abdul Hamid II was loved by the older generations . 
Mercury control from power plants does not required AC . 
He was attracted by the waterfalls and river . 
Jobs clung to an idea . 
Is there a matching program ? 
Probably it just was n't achievable to begin with , no new taxes , with the way the economy is right now that is a absurd thing to do 
Text box 4.1 is the only place where you can find out about the differences between NIPA and unified budgets . 
I think it was Sherlock Holmes ? 
it was not deserved at all 
Two golden calfs , carrying out capitalist principles , laugh at customers . 
Everything is fine and I have nothing on my mind . 
I entered the shack , bidden by her -- the runes of warding would have surely sent me away otherwise . 
The process to becoming a man is long and difficult . 
Change it before typing it in . 
The lawn mower will sink into the mushy lawn and pull up the grass . 
The government is flawed and unfulfilled . 
I suppose you can get over that . 
Safed is a village that goes by numerous other names . 
The State and Federal courts are the same regardless of location . 
`` Ocho Rios '' means eight rivers in Spain 's national language . 
The person was going to attend on August 12 . 
Taking the plane will give you more departure timing options than the ferry . 
I am cross-stitching whilst sitting on the sofa when suddenly a man places his hand on my door knob . 
She asked about him . 
Environmental quality has no impact on the life expectancy of people who are already old . 
This person I 'm close to is an emergency room nurse at a hospital in North Carolina . 
The figure of 4 million is likely to rise in the coming years . 
I used to know , now I do n't . 
The interior is well suited for those with cardiac issues . 
The paint is completely different to the brand I had originally picked . 
I did my best to understand it . 
Employer sponsored pension plans give workers money so that they can save for retirement . 
He did n't look like an amateur 
On the square outline . 
How would they know that Jane Finn had lost the papers ? 
They mentioned at least two shifts , one at night , the other at 6am . 
Which radio station plays a lot of contemporary Christian music ? 
Mainichi Shimbun approved of Keizo Obuchi 's efforts toward improving the economy . 
The state parks are almost always kept in good condition . 
SCR installs do n't have NOX SIP to comply with . 
Intel has had many disappointing earning reports . 
We should take a break from this . 
Land owned by parks does not have a value . 
Across the street from a Burger King . 
The statement does not say anything about Christ 's death on the cross . 
I think she wrote it when she was drunk one night . 
That 's cool . 
It 's not something that can be made illegal . 
Will you tell the truth ? 
The way she wrote it is n't interesting at all . 
LSC does not follow a state model , and focuses on federal delivery systems . 
It moved softly in his hand , alerting him to the presence . 
The well-known pub was named after a burglar . 
I have also , and I found it boring . 
There are n't any dates on it ? 
Richer people might have a tax increase . 
Jon stabbed the man in the throat once and then stabbed the man in the chest . 
I have also , and I found it real interesting . 
The pundits could not get enough of them . 
There is a question of who should go first . 
The benchmark is notable . 
President Clinton was n't exercising his Constitutional powers when he made the request . 
Tommy stopped playing . 
The government needs to create incentives to get and retain employees . 
There are piles around the hole . 
The Massabielle quarter is a very touristy place . 
The French ended up with control over the salt pound . 
They were sitting across from each other at breakfast . 
There is only an upside to anthem 's check 
It is absolutely correct . 
I jumped while wearing a coat . 
Grantees are afraid of wasting the LSC 's time . 
The emotional effect includes feelings of horror and dismay . 
I 'm really happy that I work in a store . 
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive matching funds from federal and state governments . 
He 's never shirked from the draft , even when it was most dire . 
The girl was the man 's daughter . 
The name of the islands are based on their topography . 
Ibizan folklore is available in a written format . 
The students reacted with horror . 
The Western Wall has always been a Heritage Site . 
They look really old even though they 're new . 
This text displays how GDP and GNP is calculated . 
i had no where to hide . 
An investigative journalism cover story , investigated how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons . 
Flodden Wall was built in the late 18th century . 
The Czesiek had plenty of experience . 
Nash had too many nasty pictures on Instagram . 
The Supreme court upheld the ban because South Carolina has no right to make referendums . 
DO you want a cup of tea ? 
We stayed vigilant . 
Toobin spoke through a random House spokesman . 
There is a clear ending to this exercise , and it 's fast approaching . 
There is a need for everyone to be personally and professionally visible . 
They looked all over the cliff , looking for the hole . 
The two actors acted well . 
Documenting nonjudgmental information can pose more difficulties than documenting the basis for judgments . 
I determined to prove him wrong . 
I feel that you do not underestimate the danger , and therefore I do not need to warn you . 
Monte is a location devoted solely to pious devotion . 
NBA commissioner has given the same quote to everybody , but he also talked about other things . 
There is nowhere to shop in the city . 
Section 414 helps higher allowance allocations for each unit . 
They kept him at Rand even though he was arrested 
Always respectful of Jesus . 
Pippens and Iverson are penguins . 
The speaker is excited by the situation . 
You should n't be speaking out against it . 
As a result , she was revered by her subjects as a living deity : one among many . 
It had no basis , just pure speculation . 
That is n't their signal . 
The person told not to come until December . 
I will not hang him . 
The children can just go to daycare . 
What is your opinion of gum chewing in public ? 
Was it not good ? 
Joe Lovano did n't contribute anything to Friendly Fire . 
She was cancer free at 29 years of age . 
He believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guiltyand you were unaware ? 
Troues had two outlet centers which sell clothes and home accessories . 
In the classical Greek era , Alonissos was highly regarded . 
Jamus was blinded by the sandstorm . 
Ferdinand started his transformation by emancipating the peasant class . 
She was sitting on a red chair . 
It costs more for suits that you can not wash yourself . 
He disputed that we should provide the most we can with the least amount of harm . 
We can completely ignore the implications of the roles on mobility . 
There is an art museum with a superb collection of 16th-century Mughal miniatures that the Varanasi Hindu University . 
The Technology Evolution project is located in Florida . 
Aside from the numerous Peace Corps volunteers , I did n't know many Americans there . 
The beauty of the chateau can be attributed to the hard work that the designers had placed in its design . 
I will not continue to outline any more problems . 
I ca n't remember , I did my undergraduate education . 
The 28 statues were erected during the French Revolution . 
It was designed to be a smaller version of the Parthenon . 
they should let go all non-violent offenders 
The NIPA measure reflects how government savings affects national saving available for invest , but the unified budget measure is more commonly used . 
Your speeches upset people . 
It is one of us , I told John . 
It was a large crowd for a party . 
We have to look at the base again . 
We do not own an Atari and never have . 
My group was one of the first to get laid off last year . 
That 's convenient . 
Pieces are unloaded and fed into machines to sort 
My kids are hungry and need to be fed dinner . 
The water samples were never received . 
They could not have done anything to help . 
He does not open . 
The 18th century caravanserai is now a hotel . 
He lived in Kingston , but he came from a tiny village . 
The scenery is unique and ca n't be found anywhere else . 
Tuppence did n't have well-known handwriting , it was n't recognizable as her note . 
The state parks have six shelters on their grounds . 
The opt-out approach has never increased how much Texas attorneys can contribute in the last twenty years . 
The two cities did not have a railway between them . 
They show different types of highland dress . 
He raised his arm to protect his eyes from the glare . 
GAO evaluators should not have much more difficulty with the chain of evidence . 
They used salt to cure fish and sent it back home . 
War history of Ibiza 
If the situation is that , you should wait to kill them . 
He 's not worried about the trees. Lilac bushes take a long time to grow . 
That 's the second time you 've made that sort of remark and I do n't need anymore reminders . 
Text box 4.1 does not explain anything about NIPA . 
The research says that the acceleration in labor productivity is due to the investment in information technology . 
The Fray is almost always a hostile , rude , and mean place . 
Despite the predicted increases in food production , less-developed African nations will improve or decline . 
LASNNY is an old legal services organization . 
They wanted to share what they have already researched . 
everybody in the USA is approved already 
It is alright that they do n't play well in the preseason , since it does n't matter . 
He was trying to accost them . 
If my kid stole from others , it would be because he thinks they are too rich . 
`` Are we definitely going to be successful ? '' 
Every output has some kind of resource . 
The Moody Blues are absolutely my favorite band . 
It was a very crappy job they did as they tried to make him grow up through the years . 
These men were two thousand miles from home when they filed their final exams . 
Some weekly store sales turn out to be a year-round sale scams that frustrate the previous customers . 
This is officially the solution . 
Before colonizing the southern regions , the Greeks conquered the northern regions . 
Mardi Gras is also sometimes known as Shrove Tuesday . 
I 've never thought about how they kept up . 
Arafat is in good health and has a clear line of succession in place . 
The reason for the programs ' close proximity to each other is the similarities of their programs . 
Japan had no intention of progressing its Asian neighbors in the area of language . 
She hardly needs to mention it 
The Iraq war battlefield often contained many oil fields . 
This site is a special portal for people who wish to make anonymous complaints about auditors . 
The environment and American consumers are better off as a result of this regulation . 
Kal and Thorn were furious at the villagers . 
A non-member can receive promotional items if they are from Spain and do not travel . 
The lake district is open 24/7 . 
The wrongful death suit was filed by the baby 's father . 
I was born and raised in Alaska and am unemployed . 
For more sweeping panoramas , you can go swimming in the canyon . 
News says that a lot of America 's volunteers are not helping . 
LSC has a deadline of October 1 , 1998 to submit state planning reports . 
The fourth title in the CAA related to acid deposition . 
She owed nothing . 
I hate racial jokes . 
It 's been argued that pro-life posters are seeking to humanize the unborn through these depictions . 
There are some questions that may or may not need to be tailored to . 
The hosts were Norman and Colleen ; and , they did a marvelous job . 
Government ability to compel payment is something that politicians have traditionally been reluctant to exercise . 
`` We do n't do much , so maybe this would be good for us to bond and be together for the first time in a while. '' . 
There are 5 differant meats in our sabbath foods . 
A few foreigners were left free after the purge on foreigners . 
Every republican presidential candidate tend to be of the same religion . 
That sounds really stupid . 
There is more mail coming in than going out . 
The French map of 1778 shows the theater of war between the British and Americans . 
You can ride a roller coaster there that goes high up . 
`` I 'm attending the dinner dance and will eliminate some people , '' the boy said . 
You will find it lacking . 
It is best for a thief to be dumb . 
I do n't think there 's a chance of us ever meeting again . 
Get something from someone or the Guess Who if you really want . 
Great actors can assimilate themselves into their roles . 
The doctor and the Coroner decided not to give us the tip . 
The doctor could only help us through the Coroner . 
Chinese antique 's value change not always from age . 
Will is such an expert in explaining the details of baseball . 
The wagon man had committed a crime . 
I do n't believe that for a second . 
The globalization of economies is not reflected in global accounting standards . 
I want to join you on this course and forget about the risks . 
The poor Greeks should n't have had to leave their homes . 
Israel could 've killed Saddam and saved everybody some trouble . 
These democrats will do anything to get pro-life to become nationwide . 
Mr. Franklin was not adjusting very well to the situation . 
There was no justification for The Joint Venture as it was unsuccessful . 
Hillary Clinton used the bully pulpit to speak out against drug use . 
My honest friend expressed gratitude upon hearing that the man would be leaving . 
We do not have the radio on during the day so I like to read the news to stay current . 
Most H-2A aliens are from somewhere beyond Mars orbit . 
They always reach their potential and become successful . 
The town did not have anything worth reporting on the radio about local events . 
The museum is only ever open in the afternoon . 
A stunning six foot blonde woman sat at the bar with the men after work . 
He stared off the edge at the beginning . 
I would like to do it again . 
Critics regard the Vienna modernist with zero praise to this day . 
It was a good event . 
The men are here , he said . 
Ille de R has been controversial in recent years . 
The data would be included in individual reports concerning the constituent units of the federal government . 
She did n't want anyone to enter the room . 
Those who study human misery will savor the sadness and futility . 
That 's the reason I procured it . 
Mr. Inglethorp , you have heard your wife 's last words here . 
It was edging on dark and light , but it was most certainly still not morning . 
There is no association between Florence Nightingale and Scutari . 
We will not be able to show you the entrance to the Sandal Bedesten because of construction . 
The burden is enough for first class mail to handle . 
The regulations were created over the course of more than two hundred years . 
Her skin was painfully glowing from the red moon . 
Since they are independent , they have more things to do . 
What do you think about our new governor being a female ? 
The situation is shitty . 
There is no need for the analyses to attempt to meet any informational requirements . 
She thought that the sleeping draught she took could cause no harm . 
It 's fairly cheap and mundane . 
The remaining homes that have not been converted are still home to many locals . 
You may have to search a bit before you find one that works for you . 
The Kal then shook its head side to side . 
The rate of processing is way higher than the rate of housing to upset the system . 
It holds 70 , 000 people . 
Academics are a good goal to strive for . 
Legal Services of New Jersey is one of the named defendants in the case . 
First evidence of pre-Roman Etruscans . 
The witch was nothing more than a tall tale to scare little children . 
Control activities happen everywhere in the entity . 
The people at the tourist office are friendly and well-informed . 
I have my family here living with me . 
They had the volunteers do data entry to help track contributions . 
People will listen to recorded messages on the telephone because they are polite . 
There are no cliffs around Possum Kingdom and no where to ski . 
Some actions were implemented for being shorter than 12 months . 
It cost me about $ 1000 to fix . 
TI is the tourism international society . 
There is n't a legend here . 
It was over fifty years ago . 
She mentioned approaching the law with a holistic approach/ 
His son was losing interest in everything . 
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at gas stations . 
The Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration did not actually receive either of these analyses . 
He leaned over Tommy , with thrill in his face . 
Tuesday is the day that the aggressor will act . 
He had a lot of experiences going on . 
Sick and elderly people travel here from all over the country , and even from other countries . 
the right agency employees , help fix 
They 're excited about the zoo . 
He crashed his car because the tires burst . 
Carter was excited . 
He went back to his previous thoughts about violence . 
Unable to be reached on Friday . 
The NLADA sent Saunders . 
Normandy and Brittany were the epicentres of the Huguenot movement . 
We have no tickets waiting for us . 
The steps we have taken put programs for the employees in place . 
I assumed that it was two o'clock in the morning . 
When he was appearing , Boris looked at the clock and said , 'You are early . ' 
The wares are made of cotton and coarse fabric . 
When Edinburgh ceased to be a political capital in the early 18th century , local political figures protested for a change in their infrastructure . 
He portrayed strength by putting the US troops in harms way . 
This is Bob . 
The design was completely original and uncopied . 
Your girl wrote that your farewell activity did n't go well . 
Dior was known for their exquisite blazers with thick heavy shoulder pads . 
Cost assignment is a process that identifies cost with activities , objects or cost objects 
I wish they were daughters of eggs . 
`` Not entirely , '' I snapped back at my boss . 
Alcohol related events that contribute to disease are often unreported by patients to their insurance companies . 
The Vice President 's representatives went further and demanded an apology from the GAO . 
Jesus ' birth has been dated to around 10 B.C . 
Yes , I remember . 
She had an impatient tone when she spoke to him . 
Couples with children are constantly looking for ways to make more money . 
Establishing global accounting and reporting standards will result in better information sharing . 
I think it is something that we need . 
There are tickets we have that are waiting for us . 
I was displeased with your actions and I do n't think you deserve a thank you . 
Interest is almost always expressed in terms of percent . 
Some judgments about race are made very quickly . 
There is a bookshop that sells 1000 different books . 
Improving government readiness was aided by the GAO who issued a good amount of reports . 
They have a bar , which is always packed . 
The cloister overlooking the ocean is a nice spot to meditate and reflect . 
Inexperienced explorers should take care to avoid dangerous areas of the north . 
Tuppence 's face showed disapproval . 
Design of military aircraft is one of the town 's biggest industries . 
The transformations between steps are explained . 
Fast emission reduction is bad . 
He might run in a general election for governor while he is a conservative Democrat . 
The rule is subject to change . 
Jon told Susan to stay where she was . 
Monsieur Poirot is a long time enemy of mine ; I hate her . 
The appraiser did not like it one bit . 
500 , 000 Irish died and 100 , 000 were deported due to his ruthless campaigns . 
the referenced organization does not have a senior management division . 
I know it amused Shuger to join the people ripping Linda Tripp apart , since he hated her as well . 
The interior of the place is extremely bright , so bring a camera and snap a few pictures . 
Even if you 're correct , I think the jury would pick up on that . 
Be in a bad mood . 
You 're the Top Porter does justice to the text 's potential for realism . 
Each building has a significance to their worship . 
At a later date the company informed us they canceled the program . 
The people had no complaints after settling their new lands . 
Big publishers want to produce more high budget films , even if that means badly selling books . 
They had a lot more bullets than we did . 
`` The Man Nobody Knows , '' by Bruce Barton , was never a best seller . 
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards less restrictive for investors . 
the Henry Kaiser foundation shows that people like their healthcare 
You have to dig them up every five years , throw them away and start all over again but it 's worth it . 
The reason we did not have more conferences was not a money issue . 
Pollution is very dangerous to our health . 
The defeat of Napoleon . 
There are six main buildings , all painted beige . 
Infants are allowed to feed at night during their first months . 
The park is okay and the views of the mountains are just okay . 
I saw him a few times and I thought that he was hiding something and is scared to be found out . 
I refused to even consider it . 
Americans only save 1 % of their income . 
There is no difference between diamonds , all having the same properties . 
There would be a lot of enjoyment and I think it 's really feasible for the country . 
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is clear and cares about payment programs . 
HCFA did identify many other executive orders 
The numbers are very similar . 
That 's a lie . 
Erving was a new attorney who did n't have a lot of courtroom experience . 
You do not believe that it will serve as a deterrent 
John Kasich dropped out of the presidential race . 
The small number will go into a larger sum over time . 
The rocks at the beach are n't really worth a visit . 
It was built to bring water to the city . 
He looked like a brave young man who is never afraid of anything or anyone . 
Shortly after stepping out on the bridge , Jon felt the wobbly walkway narrow . 
Judge Newton had never heard that complaint before . 
While the revisionist case has always been held in high regard , it has never made any serious points about the United States economic interests . 
In all honesty , the rights recently put in place are nowhere near enough 
Do not put any garlic or hot pepper in it . 
By the time I turned the curve I was too late to see him admitted into the house , and could only hear the bell . 
They managed to reach a shrubbery close by without issue . 
We bought non-sale items in Memphis on credit . 
Some movies , like Chima Para Diso , are shown for free . 
I enjoy older music . 
On top is a lake , there are n't any plateaus there . 
I 'm sorry. We do not have any pictures to show you at this time . 
There are no cost differences , according to John Panzar , between one or multiple firms delivering to a customer . 
This was a really hard one . 
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should not be taxed . 
She laughed about the situation even though she was annoyed . 
Even with every trip to the store , it never becomes a temptation . 
I 'll warn you despite your protests . 
The Legal Services Corporation has never considered the needs of the poor . 
Vendors have lined the streets with torches and fires . 
Competitors spend more litigating around workshare than the Postal Service spends analyzing costs associated with worksharing . 
Newt Gingrich promised that information wo n't ever be shared online . 
The Scotland Yard men were coming . 
Lawyers often move to larger firms because they will work for less pay . 
Koreans and Japanese have been mutually hostile for a long time , but are now trying to be mutually peaceful . 
It was perfectly normal . 
Tim Russert , host of Meet The Press took his Christmas vacation five days sooner . 
Not open on Friday . 
He looks like he needs two days of sleep . 
The fire in 1970 did no damage to the Bateau-Lavoir studio . 
When it comes to therapy services the policies and procedures are not relevant . 
The French and Dutch settlers preferred a tax on imports . 
It is not the optimal approach . 
R & D is made up of . 
The employee got their job back after the discrimination case was settled . 
They were very relaxed . 
Breaking it down into 6 elements has always been helpful for students and professionals . 
He went back in just a few moments . 
There are ten factory showroom in the Pedder Building . 
There is a radical side effect that was intended . 
The cold weather makes me sick , thus I am not fond of it . 
The huge number of deletions caused a ruckus . 
There are fifteen necessary steps which should be taken . 
European members of NATO might consider the US 's efforts to be less credible . 
I hope that this summer will be hot , since I 'm holidaying in the UK this year . 
I 'd love to get involved more with it . 
The iron gate was rusty and it was swinging . 
The paper said so . 
It was dangerous that we let our guards down . 
Slot machines are called hungry tigers because of how fast they take a gambler 's money . 
They may be defending other cultures despite not wanting to . 
Economic theory is the only theory concerning mortality valuation . 
Those games are a lot of fun . 
Turkey was part of the Ottoman Empire until 1923 . 
Aegean life never succeeded . 
There are only a couple of people are on death row . 
Current generations ' increased saving would expand the nation 's capital stock , allowing future generations to more easily afford the nation 's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living . 
She is very lazy with her sauce and could n't care less what goes into it . 
If he does a big strike , many people will suffer . 
The strictest reading supposed that the creation took seven days . 
The real Japan can be found . 
If people ca n't readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would improve retirement security . 
The Left Behind series is about people converting to Christianity . 
Ca'daan did not follow his own advice . 
The castle itself does not contain any early 17th-century tower houses . 
Gross did not have to pay any money for advertising . 
Decline in elasticity of demand moved from 0.36 to 0.25 over the same period . 
Research suggests the FDA 's opinion is wrong . 
Expectations are low for the event on the back of Santa Claus 's absence due to health concerns . 
Those games are really boring . 
It started the rise of the British Empire in India . 
They made accusations about the platform . 
NATO will collapse unless the United States works with its partners . 
Che was another dictator who rose to power by military uprising . 
His reporting on the '72 campaign was very well-done . 
The comments and the extent of their availability played no role in the rule making process . 
The association is an illegal organization that specializes in money laundering . 
Hypocrisy is a large challenge facing the country . 
It is very far from Jerusalem . 
Elegant geometric patterns are only available to royalty . 
The first year was rough . 
Tourists can buy saffron at this market more inexpensively than they can in the west . 
They do n't have health care over there 
Everyone knew more of what was going on in the world than him . 
I 'm not sure if it will actually be interesting . 
They do n't want to lower costs . 
I think lower income and lower education are related . 
SCR technology retrofits differ from FGD systems . 
We are not going to make any money on new venture . 
The aniseed drinks have a good smell to them . 
You should go after punching the button . 
He found a way to portray strength without putting troops in harms way but was villified for it . 
They like it way more than men do . 
The armies of Mayar launched an attack on Lorraine and Burgundy . 
The national mood is not expressed on the octagonal spire of the Rajabai Clocktower . 
The warm air bellows forth from the oven 's open door . 
The man exclaimed that he would leap , and he did just that . 
i like jokes making fun of Asian people 
Scotland was far greater than an English county . 
Zelon admitted to being speechless . 
The call is coming from somewhere in the house . 
A majority of pagers in the United States were disrupted by a satellite malfunction . 
It works best to find things out from my friends because then I do n't pay for the paper . 
He said not to worry . 
She often eats vegetables unless she 's having french fries . 
Clinton may have had intercourse with a woman . 
Let 's find some place to continue our conversation . 
He made a grave mistake by thinking incorrectly . 
Barlow and Dyson do not believe that book publishers have the possibility of disappearing . 
Newspaper preprints can cost as much as $ 5 . 
I have seen that many times before . 
Siegel likes to wear brightly colored shirts . 
When we encounter the young woman , she was unemployed . 
She had a beautiful garden at her disposal at Styles Court . 
Squatting look uncomfortable . 
You can go to the platform at the foot of the first cascade by walking on steps alongside the water . 
The aromatic drinks are produced in the area . 
They rely too heavily on the types of folk styles . 
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 so I do n't think he will do it again . 
The man watched motionlessly as the spear fell . 
These are Hunan lives 
It does n't need to work . 
AFFIRM was founded in the early 2000s . 
Pro-Microsoft analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company . 
We own the land , but it 's not a U.S. territory . 
Mandatory account proposals would outlaw savings in individual accounts . 
Little pottery is produced that has a Celtic theme . 
A firm price is established in the contract . 
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998 . 
A double sign will be useful 
Jon thought everything should stay the way it was . 
The person pouring Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine was always very careful to shake the bottle . 
A list of people those believe better than others will not prosper the economy . 
Additionally we have many great pictures . 
Whales can not be compressed well . 
She did n't listen when he was speaking . 
I just love using my new credit card . 
Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , and the Gap produce popular sportswear . 
Yes . 
These two stores about post-deregulation and breast cancer drug are not on the front page of NYT today . 
The one-year grant terms are paid out in cash . 
Audiences for The Lion King on broadway are still turning out in record numbers . 
In a complicated way . 
They are actually at the human factors level . 
The organizations usually allowed individual members who are working for others now , to still participate . 
They may be valuable . 
the associated cost is how much people spend relative to this amount 
I could move soon . 
The walkway narrowed as Jon stepped out on the bridge . 
Accuracy and speed are the first measurements listed on the scorecard . 
Between Gaza and Petra , there is a Nabatean trading town . 
My daughter is n't located near any bike trails . 
I did n't just paint . 
The attack on their premises came from the left . 
Greuze had invincible armor so he did n't worry about needing protection . 
Ferdinand and Isabella completed the Reconquest to establish a Muslim Spain . 
Train travel in Italy is generally quick , making it a practical option for impatient travelers . 
Lucy wanted to know . 
The Marshall Plan was not concocted until 1918 . 
Please , everyone be seated . 
Natalia was certain it was alright to bring him down there , and told Greuze that no matter what , he must end up down there . 
He snapped it until it was just a couple of inches long . 
We managed to stay on subject the whole time . 
It might take a long time to do that because getting inside a person 's head takes time . 
If the book was n't so anti-intellectual , it would be my favorite book . 
GAGAS offers guidance to auditors for compliance purposes . 
My friend moved to NC to take a job as a nurse in a trauma unit at a hospital emergency room . 
Critics think that the sensibility took away from the film . 
Oldman made himself a crazy creature . 
Sir James thinks it 's absurd . 
Econometric model is an equation of related equations used to analyze economic data with math 
Drugs are n't a factor . 
41 , 634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their site . 
The weather has been getting warmer in the past few weeks . 
Poirot went into the Analytical Chemist . 
The Vice President believes that GAO should n't be able to read documents . 
Natalia asked Greuze if it was logical to take him down there . 
Lots of judges and lawyers gathered for the event . 
Guards let people come and go freely . 
The guy has his owns pigs . 
The man was contemplating his life . 
Las Vegas used targeted marketing to reach the people that would be interested . 
Country is often associated with things like hay bales and drinking whiskey . 
Tuppence was not immediately recognized by him . 
Ne.weather is a general discussion group , not only about weather . 
The process of becoming an artist was compared by Ellison and Hemingway to becoming a man . 
`` I regularly go for a walk or a jog at Washington 's . '' 
Morant Point Lighthouse , built in 1841 , is Jamaica 's oldest surviving lighthouse . 
To tax purists , the value of the homemakers ' hard work should be taxed . 
It 's pretty normal to have a few hundred degree days out here . 
The program was expanding quickly . 
Clubbing is a wonderful way to have fun . 
I think they repainted it a few times now . 
On his Birthday Strom Thurmond announced his retirement from the Senate Armed Services Committee in one year . 
That could not happen in a world that was n't insane , either . 
The Mars meteorite crashed over 30 , 000 years ago . 
The final rule is n't meant to have a retroactive effect . 
If Santa Claus has a heart attack , the Rockettes will have to save Christmas . 
Guarding its doors are two lions made of bronze , who also abide by the principles of feng shui . 
Rarely 
The magazine publishes a lot of stories on celebrities . 
Ca'daan kept his mouth shut . 
The poor are also enthusiastic about the bar 's help towards them . 
Disney 's CEO thinks ABC 's downturn is cyclical . 
We 've planted flowers that were impossible to plant when we were in San Antonio . 
I have been told that I will not be permitted to speak at the meeting . 
You 're the Desert Ghost from the sand dunes . 
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is not the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing . 
One of the missing benefits is associated with better health and an increase in environmental quality . 
I did not follow the mentality in Dallas , of liking only one team . 
The campaign got less a fraction of what the Nashville fund got . 
All states are exactly the same . 
The baby 's mother responded by filing a rightful death suit . 
The contract does n't specify details on price . 
He slowed and tried to regain his strength . 
Managers can better apply the standards to their operations by reading the additional information . 
Only the resultant data set is presented . 
No one will bug you . 
They were unloaded but not sorted 
NIPA said mineral exploration is an investment , especially oil and gas . 
They have a policy against incentives . 
The programs at the center were not connected to each other . 
Ten years ago , they rallies on streets with flashing signs and loudspeakers advertising voting candidates . 
It 's hard to predict where they will turn up . 
The Lake District is n't where to go when you want a lot of action because it closes down before midnight ! 
The fund collects a flat interest rate from the bank . 
Douglas , Arizona was a highlight of our trip . 
Tarpley is a better offensive player that Herb Williams . 
We all work together at TI . 
Fixing the damage could never be done . 
The motion was quickly approve because everyone thought it was amazing . 
The train was speeding along the track . 
Jon took Susan to the village . 
If you decide to be serious about supporting anti-abortion , it 's a very run of the mill belief to hold . 
She felt bad for Dave , he died a terrible death . 
You do not need to worry about that overseer . 
Alternative country is becoming more popular than the more stereotypical country . 
Explanation building is going to be the standard approach in the future . 
He died of starvation after being left in the desert by his group of friends . 
I think we need to thank you as well . 
Web companies freely give this demographic information to the public , so it is available to all campaigns . 
Auditors should ignore them when they follow other standards and methodologies . 
They were always the worst team ever . 
Slate is obliged to launch an investigation . 
The Shore Temple has been lost to time . 
I hope that no key parties take steps to address problems . 
I think it would be a lot more work and it would n't turn out as good 
People sacrifice their lives for farmers and slaves . 
The analysis ca n't be done by humans 
Plus I love to get my groove on . 
Denominations can make use of one church for the good of the community . 
Jon grabbed the man and yelled at him . 
This helps workers understand the restoration of the program 's long term goals . 
We 're concerned about emissions reducing too quickly . 
I really love to . 
`` Okay , '' I agreed breezily . 
Some tobacco executives told Congress nicotine is not addictive . 
Liberal journalists also wrote about this case . 
I am denying I am a member of the club of Old Geezers . 
Critics lauded their work . 
No matter how windy it is , you wo n't notice as you ski adjacent to the forty foot cliffs around Possum Kingdom . 
They were consistently whipped on their backs . 
There are no paper butterflies and birds in the kampung workshops . 
It was 37 degrees last night . 
Coupon collecting helps consumers feel more in control . 
Dave was paying the speaker lots of attention . 
Everyone would believe whatever Jim Lehrer said . 
Currently you can only book activities with Black Sea Boating . 
I will be assuming that the 6.0a cost of the Postal Service to take the mail from basic to workshared condition is constant . 
The cycle never really started on purpose , it just happened and now it needs to keep going . 
A member can receive promotional items for traveling . 
The work deals with large companies . 
But how do you know when a choice is good or bad ? 
Steep GDP decline in recent years has been contributed to increased investment . 
Difficulty of reporting standards can be a huge obstacle for this business model . 
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs . 
The departures help them take advantage of the high cost of living in other areas . 
Most of the people who requested a live testimony ended up being dissapointed . 
The party sought to establish ties with the United States . 
The administration is under constant investigation . 
I am aware , madam , of how you feel . 
There are federal audit entities that use GAO ' system . 
Slate 's publishing schedule will be altered next week . 
The bins move around and are very plain . 
They waived their hands to get more attention . 
No practices were helpful 
I do n't want anything to do with it , no doubts about it . 
If the USEPA has an Ambient Water Quality value availalbe , pesticide concentrations should not exceed those values . 
It was during the hottest hours that everything proceeded smoothly . 
She gave the girl clothes , gifts and pony rides. That 's hard to compete with . 
I had it done at the Toyota dealer 's for fifty bucks . 
Quilting is a profitable hobby . 
Louis XIV cared a lot about centralization . 
Molokai and Lanai are out of the way and harder to plan for . 
Routine screening has no impact on substance abuse prevention . 
There was not a single state where it was successful . 
No identity could be assigned to the severed appendage . 
Last year we planned to do that during winter and it was nice and cold . 
Long winters on Menorca are tough to go through , and not very well liked by most citizens . 
Fresh products of Irelands seas , rivers , and farms are what New Irish Cuisine is built upon . 
Those young children ca n't comprehend it . 
Then what is your worst ? 
The story has been told a million times . 
Dana , you are interesting to talk to . 
The cost of work and the value of improved service would be considered in this situation . 
Location does n't matter to some people but it may matter to you I do n't know . 
The rollercoaster is too slow for most people . 
The wax models are on display . 
You do n't have a refrigerator . 
The all-inclusive units are considered villas and each have a kitchen as well . 
Adrin heard of a famous young king in the south . 
Nocera is the head editor for Slate . 
Greuze concerned himself all the time with needing protection . 
I used to get upset about it , but not anymore . 
We are the only hope our clients have for legal assistance . 
They do not receive any funding from the account . 
She was dead this morning . 
I can not believe I just did that . 
We do n't want to use chemicals on our lawn 
They are in these small homes , but it is very sterile , plain wall and little furnishings. She was not happy about it . 
Football and baseball were both popular . 
the entrepreneur advises people about the financial aspect of cars 
AC usage for mercury control should be related to total coal facilities MWe . 
The management of the cafe is strict about how they manage it . 
`` It 's for us to be active and out there . '' 
A historical re-enactment of colonial Macau is home to many traditional Chinese establishments . 
There is no proof that early Etruscans ever existed . 
There were over four hundred requests submitted . 
The Arawak people lived in four different Caribbean islands before settling in Jamaica . 
No , Dave Hanson , we could n't risk your life becaus you are too important to us . 
He has begun working on construing the things as support for supply-side economics . 
The Freedom of Information Act wants all people to share all information with each other , no matter what . 
The warriors had savage battles at a Zen monastery rock garden . 
LSC will get a big increase in funding soon . 
General economic trends would n't have to be considered by a case study on job training effectiveness . 
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture the provinces , but was stopped by an opium addiction and a band of rogues . 
They should never get out of the vehicle . 
Tommy had lots of practice for his recital . 
Arafat arrested over a thousand suspected terrorists . 
I knew what had happened . 
Unit 5 was the only one that was replaced . 
The incumbents should not be allowed to run unopposed at all . 
I have to research a cause carefully before donating money to it . 
I 've never watched Thirty Something because none of the episodes were any good . 
A few major federal audit entities use the GAO system . 
I expected that , to be honest . 
Power plants ' mercury control AC usage is higher than total MWe from coal facilities . 
Erath is the only world that has ever existed . 
At last , she has been alone with the president ! 
I watched as he built the house , story by story . 
I am not sure but I will find out . 
Some people are sexually abused . 
Hong Kong has a few unique dining experiences . 
Registration is only one of the requirements . 
Approaches to achieving missions changes very little . 
Tuppence 's front door bell ran and disturbed her silver polishing . 
The building is schedule to open next fall . 
Bowling season would be more fun split into thirds . 
Osmin went off on a rant every day . 
The concert by the two saxophonists drew raves from critics . 
I did n't think it was time for a main course , but dessert sounded good . 
He told Tuppence to get out . 
'You set fire to my home and it burned down . ' 
There is no way it could have been in the brandy you gave her . 
He loved the smiling villagers who loved each other . 
I actually lay awake until two-fifteen in the morning . 
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post have identical views on how the U.S. will approach Lee . 
I was very impressed when I saw that yesterday . 
Things stay open all night because it 's a place to party . 
The Moyenne is a modern four-lane highway that runs straight from Nice to Paris . 
According to this plan , The Gaza strip and other parts of the country would become Palestine and the Negev Desert would form Israel . 
The ducks were at the pond . 
The casinos in Macau have extravagant offerings ranging from cabaret to five-star restaurants . 
who can blame who is confused about our schedule ? They are readers but also occasional visitors . 
This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery . 
Daniel got me a glass of Bud Light . 
The vandals were kind enough to leave the inlaid stones . 
All testing related to data reliability will be included . 
People who dont voluntarily save money are less likely to have bank accounts . 
He did n't need to try anything . 
We know everything about life beyond Earth . 
Since they 're already illegal , outlawing them would be good . 
Bailey , despite his several years of commitment to the award , was never chosen once . 
Lawyers pay $ 90 to be included in the directory . 
I had to move back to Nebraska just to survive . 
The man probably heard the spatter of his urine or the change in his breathing patterns . 
Thorn told us to make sure we save them . 
I wanted to mow the lawn today but I could n't because it 's so mushy . 
Is it from personal parties or the phone answering things ? 
The departures help them take advantage of the low cost of living in other areas . 
You must be careful of people lying to you . 
You hate music , do n't you ? 
Book your activities through Red Sea Sports . 
The treasures were removed by a bunch of vandals . 
It was wrong to say too much . 
When you only pay $ 15 per month , it takes a long time . 
They were waiting for someone to open the door for them . 
The national award giving to attorneys for excellence in public interest , is given to 10 attorneys annually . 
The condom is central to the storyline and the viewers are unfortunately left wondering about it all . 
I can appreciate their position even if it does contradict my opinions . 
I paid off the balance . 
The program covers no units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program . 
She can find new risks with the awareness campaign . 
There are several letters from readers published daily . 
There was no problem when they went into the Promised Land . 
He rode towards Jon and out of the smoke . 
Howard Berman of California has a lot to be ashamed of . 
Do n't tell me anything about the door to Mr. Inglethorp 's room ? 
We think reporting should be enhanced as it has a vital connection with projection statistics . 
The whole inventory of TV shows was wiped out . 
Temple Mount is at the far end of Joseph Street . 
The Commission did not publish its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis in 1996 . 
Taking his dog with him , he walks into the woods . 
There was plenty of work involved in this and it was a really big deal . 
In 1942 , Ataterk tried to build nationalism in Turkey . 
You could see where the bear had scratched across his cheek . 
Law , medicine or engineering students often ca n't get a job 
Look here , you have been throwing a volley of questions my way . 
The press is out of touch with citizens . 
Postal Service data is used to define the relationship between cost and drivers . 
These top dogs face only one challenge . 
Engineers usually need to be licensed and well educated . 
She was an old lady who was out for a walk when she heard a noise . 
mine are all mixed breeds 
`` Every major city is now showing a decrease in crime . '' 
She originally got into the military in the hopes of securing college funding . 
Obviously , the answer is yes . 
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 1996 in Beijing . 
Many exotic goods are for sale in the town . 
The Journal asked `` Is any publicity good publicity ? '' then went on to explain why it was n't . 
The old city is surrounded on all sides by the desert . 
Statues of Gods and could not be moved . 
The professors do n't really care about their students . 
Personal savings need to be set by the IRA 
Puglia does n't have a tourism industry , so it is slow-paced and relaxing . 
There was no way to determine the year that Japan was founded in . 
There are six applications for case study methods . 
They have put in a lot of time and effort . 
Because the policy was a success , I was able to make a contribution to my people . 
One of them had their hair braided . 
The dates for the semifinals have been determined . 
The problem was solved one day . 
The Crosethe Rue De Rivoli was built for Cardinal Richelieu to live in . 
Julius was silent . 
The men were warriors . 
Most of the trees are palm trees . 
We are not going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party today . 
The exhibition was too bare and too boring . 
Did you catch him redhanded ? 
Over six hundred means nothing at all . 
There was a 7 year gap between those involved in the situation . 
I also did . 
On cool days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office . 
I 've never heard anyone talk the way you do . 
We hold no ill will towards them . 
The clinton women were in their 20 's 
It 's shortsighted to think that Clinton 's approval rating is a sign of the nation 's immorality . 
The Indigenous Project is run by the Oregon Law Center . 
Stark was happy that San'doro was dying . 
The interior of the church , while still lovely , is much plainer . 
Nobody liked Judge Bailey . 
I gave up on working for the camp due to the long working hours . 
The original verdict of the jury was the death penalty . 
Gerth won prizes even though he did n't mention a CIA report . 
Sir James thinks it 's totally reasonable . 
McGrath claims that everything in the memorial was accurate . 
I am paid well , even if it 's here and the same . 
It is not acceptable for anybody to refuse work in order to take care of children . 
The Republican National Committee Chairman freelanced on the topic of abortion when asked about it on CNN instead of reiterating the party-line . 
The cathedral is equally as impressive during the light of day . 
The narrator knows what to do with them . 
Louis XIV was against centralization . 
The men wanted to hit on the beautiful blonde at the bar . 
I am upset that I can not understand it . 
On his 85 Birthday , Strom Thurmond announced he will be running for president . 
The Emperor Theodosius , in 392 , proclaimed Christianity to be the official religion of the Roman Empire . 
The restaurant is based off a classic Castilian style . 
They were both enjoying a good conversation as they sat with each other at breakfast . 
Across the street from the churchyard there is a forrest , with little view of anything other than trees . 
We all know that the reason for a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes being businesses , is because of the fact that people prefer living in cities rather than rural areas . 
Beaune is the best place to buy from for beginners . 
My brain was commanding perfectly . 
His breath would not come . 
`` I truly believe that that 's really important . '' 
That is one of the most interesting things about it . 
The panels will collect advice , along with data from representatives of the affected entities . 
The Carmel market in the Yemenite Quarter is very busy . 
Hiking during summer in the Aegean is not recommended because of the risk of overheating . 
I think it is completely unnecessary . 
We need to think . 
The governing statute has considerations that have to be followed . 
Agreed-upon Auditors are happy to perform the testing to issue a specific report . 
I want to do that again 
The Postal Service does not participate in worksharing . 
There are many more places in Jamaica as well . 
Defiantly if you live in a house right 
Gododdin 's deeds were never written down because it was to be passed down only orally . 
He was hired to influence the British economy . 
It 's in a tent out by the Hundred Acre Woods . 
I prefer not to travel . 
I turned a curve and was just in time to see him ringing the big brass bell , echoing as he was admitted to the house . 
He argued that we should recklessly destroy all the things that we care the most about . 
The farming chemicals are filtered by the ground . 
You ca n't get a head start on it . 
In that circumstance , discrimination in price is fine . 
Do you have any programs you watch with your friends ? 
She was doubtful because the plan did not seem very good . 
Your little girl wrote about how well your farewell activity went . 
Administrations generally feel that some agencies should have more budgetary resources than others . 
The same order is still around after many years . 
It was freezing in West Texas and raining . 
No one is usually at the tourist office , so you 'll have to go somewhere else to find out about walking tours . 
Art Cooper used a substantial sum of money to buy a farm . 
Impossible , unless circumstances are met . 
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors . 
The governor 's mountain lodge used to own these gardens , however the building was destroyed by the Japanese . 
You should start going before punching the button . 
Washington Square is definitely underripe , no questions asked . 
The rich tourist district has only gardens and no shops . 
The South African priest did not know of a person named Clinton . 
I thought he would show where he hid . 
He did n't have the answer to the question I posed . 
The us has a legal services delivery system 
I want to fight . 
The association hopes people will not steal someone 's identity . 
Thankful , the magnet schools started segregating people in Charlotte . 
The Valley of Loire . 
She swore to him that if he asked her someday , she would . 
The population of Madeira was devastated by illness in 1475 . 
Windows 95 is no longer sold . 
I go to Midland every other weekend . 
It will be the biggest ever . 
Somebody still needs to stay at home to care for the children . 
I 'm going to try because you can see and touch the oil filters right there . 
Lewis was a strict and obsessed with details perfectionist . 
There are no cultural places in the city . 
I think I 've seen them outside before but it 's been a long time so I 'm not sure what they look like . 
By accepting key recovery , companies will increase the risks that terrorists will have to deal with . 
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 in costs . 
Dallas has been having elections on zoning ; have you heard about this ? 
Number 14 was with him . 
She did n't respond . 
He is too confident . 
The GAO has no protocols regarding the submission of the product 's draft . 
The last provisions were initially examined incorrectly . 
Losses rather . 
The Church of the Assumption is located underground through a Crusader arch . 
There are 24 figures on the Rajabai Clocktower that symbolize the castes of the Maharashtra State , which Mumbai is the capital . 
LASNNY is an new legal services organization . 
Only a few foreigners stayed on Dejima Island after the purge . 
I had only outlined one of the problems . 
The dog cheers up my wife 's mother . 
We try not to watch too much TV . 
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is more for inbound mail than for outbound . 
I do n't ever sit on my sofa and do cross-stitch . 
Civil libertarians have celebrated the partnership 's role in supporting the coalition 's core agenda . 
Revenue is received from forfeited property . 
A CIO should guide technology solutions based on a company 's internal environment . 
Nothing about agencies are familiar , they are all unique . 
Although the Freedom of Information Act aims to protect information from being disclosed , information should still not be withheld from the GAO . 
Practice groups are not permitted to work on these issues . 
He took his time carefully placing the cards on top of each other . 
'Will the train slow down ? The autopilot is damaged ' . 
Ellison and Hemingway took different ways to compare becoming a man . 
There is evidence to suggest that Lewis was killed by someone else . 
Mr. Erlenborn earned all of his undergraduate credits at the University of Notre Dame . 
He 's terrible at football there . 
Hiking trail maps can be obtained at the Government Publications Center . 
Perspectives can be analytical 
According to some professionals , cooler times are the best for getting a catch . 
Lying or spreading bad information is the fastest way to lose trust . 
The benefits of the stock market boom mostly went to investors since at least half of American households owned no stocks in 1998 . 
Buddy , I just ca n't answer all those questions . 
The has-been skit involved sending out former performers to struggle and fail . 
The deadline to accept my promotion arrived and I got a business card with my new title . 
The cathedral has a greater impressiveness during the night . 
information is collected , analyzed , and then a report is written . 
Fry the beef steak and eat it plain with salt and pepper . 
It makes it better . 
The AILA joined the ACLU in requesting the information to be released immediately . 
Our church also has bake sales each year . 
The texture of the rock comes from the way that it is formed . 
Overstaying a student visa will make pro bono assistance difficult . 
The rules developed in the interim were put together with these comments in mind . 
Czarek was turned away by the group . 
Conversing to someone in the area is interesting . 
Katachi roughly means , it is n't what you do ; it 's the way you do it . 
Pat Buchanan led the group . 
There was n't any censuses in Malaysia prior to 1940 . 
The most ornate tomb ( number 66 ) , though not always accessible , is of the renowned Theban queen Nefertari . 
Chapter 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye . 
Everything is before May 7 , 1915 . 
Lasted two years 
I hope you have n't been paying any attention to the Dallas elections . 
Pretty much everyone has that opportunity . 
i told him i do n't weigh that much 
After what seems like forever , Clinton still does n't understand how avoid looking unpresidential . 
Social values play a role in determining the content of the DSM . 
family-planning organizations agree with the Clinton administration about certain things . 
She did not listen to the noise . 
It is important to drain the watermelon to make this dish . 
The green glow painted everything around them after the rain had stopped . 
I ca n't remember . 
She had so much in student loans that she had trouble paying them back . 
San'doro was fighting a strong , dark man . 
African nations do not need food to survive . 
Lists are available on electronic menus . 
We chaotically exclaimed as we all jumped up in a frenzy , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? '' 
NIPA excludes capital transfers because it is a risky procedure . 
Sarawak pottery has been around for a long time . 
They would get upset whenever anyone would speak to them . 
I shrieked in terror at the thought , and almost barfed . 
The darker skinned one was bald . 
One can charter a yacht in Marina del Rey . 
My brain would do better with some sleep . 
it 's not just that the new factories have brought a lot of jobs to town 
They did n't say anything to the girl . 
All of the cathedrals statues were saved by the Revolutionaries . 
The Greeks colonized Sicily but never the other southern regions . 
Boustrophedon refers to writing that goes from right to left . 
He turned to Tommy next . 
There is nothing where David 's Tower used to be . 
Heroin Chic is in . 
The men did n't appreciate the figure of the blonde woman sitting at the bar . 
Lind thought that enough soldiers would die that the US would have no choice but to leave . 
It was stated that the agencies could ignore circumstances related to themselves . 
The pub sells a larger range of beers than any other pub in the city . 
Lord , I 'm envious . 
It 's advisable to skip seeing the place entirely . 
Due to his attitudes on cheesecake , RFK was more disliked than Johnson . 
The evaluation tool is used to work on research studies . 
Duke says we can use the environment to our benefit . 
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post have opposing views on how the U.S. will approach Lee . 
Government 's ability to force payment is how excise taxes are calculated . 
The Victoria Terminus used to be where people departed to explore the inland area , but now it 's mostly for suburban transportation . 
'You used matches and gasoline to commit arson . ' 
Unshaven , and bright . 
Hearty meals will only be offered to Buddhists 
Let 's have tea . 
The DSM is mostly concerned with medical inputs rather than social values . 
Barlow and Dyson believe that book publishers may disappear . 
What are we going to eat for lunch ? 
I spent 22 dollars on the parts . 
They were named for their black skin . 
Flodden Wall was built after the Lang Siege took place , in the 1570s . 
Before the war started . 
That worked for me when I did it throughout college 
She sounded doubtful about it . 
Ca'daan strode through the door , leaving it wide open as he began his speech to the assembled nobles . 
White will be a long ways away from Little right now . 
I am going to have someone landscape , since I always have someone do it . 
How long has did he hold his last position ? 
Women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better are making people fed up . 
Moderate scenario absdorns 0 % 
Robert Spitzer was the man running DSM-III . 
That 's definitely a terrible idea . 
It 's too late to try anything now because you ca n't join . 
I saw Al and Tipper together at the wedding . 
Tommy cried out , waiting for an answer . 
The welt the man got from battle were growing . 
Their unique traits has created many customs and practices . 
We are completely unconcerned about emissions . 
Yeah you really have to work on keeping bugs out . 
The Bell Curve 's findings have been proven absolutely correct . 
Zelon was just as talkative as always and never had a moment of speechlessness . 
I love being around people who enjoy public speaking . 
Ca'daan smirked at Adrin 's pathetic rapier moves . 
They had no idea where the package had came from as it did not have a stamp . 
They need to entice them to get what they want . 
Annette told me you escaped . 
Boris remarked , glancing at the clock , 'You are late . ' 
McGrath says that Lillian Ross ' affair was not portrayed correctly . 
He was Decatur County 's Court judge for one year . 
The Morant Point Lighthouse was built in the 19th Century . 
I 'm from Virginia and I remember summers being full of humid days . 
Frequent flyer miles are one of the promotional items a member can receive . 
There is a good view of the bay . 
He could have just ghosted once . 
The father is responsable for most of the raising of children in native islander families . 
The only way of renting them is monthly . 
The road offers the adventure and excitement most people come here for . 
It would take years of practice to be able to jump off a rock . 
There was a 2001 hearing involving an IRS Act and IRS Funding . 
Clarisse and Onardo both asked how San Bernakedino is . 
I do not think that you understand the risks you are taking . 
The metaphor was created by the manipulator to convince people of something . 
You 'll have to figure the plot out on your own . 
Both the Globe and respectable media have become sleazy . 
We want to give Palestine and Israel a two-state solution that benefits both of them . 
Adrin 's first lesson . 
Macau Palace is found on the eastern waterfront . 
that 's great see you later 
Jon required her to give up all of her weapons . 
Low income is the only disqualifying factor in LSC services eligibility . 
People do n't hold a strong opinion to the magazines I 've put out . 
The sculpted tympanum of Jesus after the Resurrection was created hundreds of years ago . 
I am not sure . 
They wanted the public to know where the funds came from . 
Researchers substituted data on jello ingestion for auto collisions in their work . 
Thorn said she should show it . 
The temperature is usually in the sixties all the time , it 's constant . 
Yeah , America 's spending so much for international aid so they could be training and paying their own people at the same time . 
The plot was exciting because he was trained in martial arts . 
They discovered obsidian in Africa . 
Two of the thin pages stuck together as he leafed through them , and he paused to separate them carefully . 
From where will they make tax money ? 
There are no hazards and therefore are n't any different requirements . 
The allowance in 1989 was 50 cents per mile . 
The waves came with no warning to the inhabitants . 
There exists a 1994 Contract With America 
They scared more about empathy than actions . 
He told me to come with him . 
TV Marketing Study 
You do n't need any soap for the clean up . 
AFFIRM was founded in the year 1979 and includes many professional members . 
You wo n't need to pack much . 
The US intervention in Kosovo is racist based . 
He was not at all concerned about what was happening . 
He talked to Tuppence about dropping the bomb immediately . 
A $ 900 , 000 federal grant will be received by Missouri Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce . 
U.S. consumers will put money in the pockets of East Asia over time . 
The story has childhood pictures of the killers . 
I will never sell myself . 
The American public is still very unaware of the health risks of inhaling small particles . 
A man called Tokyo Joe omits information where he has lost money in deals . 
The model temple complex is at the east end . 
The Visigoths were not successful . 
Base year data will not give any findings about the last completed fiscal year . 
This town has no history and is full of poverty . 
Buffalo is showing some real promise for the next few years , I think they are an up and coming team . 
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would be difficult . 
A new rule might suggest that we keep heart surgery patients in the hospital for as long as possible . 
Ca'daan felt the heat on his skin . 
There was an altar and a pillar on the platform . 
Excise taxes are an exception to the general rule and are actually decided on the basis of GDP share . 
In 1923 the capital was moved to the city of Ankara . 
It makes me upset that I 've yet to see any study done on how many words the average person hears throughout the day . 
Aegean life was going well . 
It might be safer if we have hired guns to protect us . 
They will restrict timing of the release of the product . 
This pattern is familiar to us . 
You have to dig them up every five years , throw them away and then start all over again . 
A series of studies on pollution and it 's effects . 
The statement is actually incorrect as all families , regardless of income , are eligible for the services . 
What state are you at ? 
During the heat wave the mites burst into flames . 
I do n't know even though I visited the area . 
Working for Philip Morris is a legal challenge . 
They can defend themselves easily . 
The city 's designation as sacred ground deters any typically rowdy behavior . 
Mr. Carter had no energy left to continue the conversation . 
i told him i 've gained a lot of weight 
Minnesota State Bar Association has no Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee . 
The CFO Council and the OMB have joined forces to work on the priority initiatives . 
Rodrigo was intent on spreading the Christian faith . 
Whisky Heritage Centre was established in the 1800s and has been a destination ever since . 
The exhibits within the appendix shoe the initial phase of the technological implementations . 
You are the only person who can help us with the new feature . 
The musicians sitting near the stage are the most important part of the show . 
There is only one location to buy the woodblock prints and scroll paintings from . 
Goodnight , and take care . 
Most tourists prefer hiring a tourist guide rather than doing a self-guided tour . 
They do not hold trad ions as a highly valued thing . 
Risks and their voluntary nature will be evaluated using strict guidelines . 
The search for an AIDS vaccine is a noble effort with many stakeholders . 
Ramses II ordered that it be made out of stone and not hewn into the cliffs . 
Many hotels in Lakeland have a cost-effective option of dinner , bed , and breakfast with an evening meal in . 
That 's like the worst thing that could happen . 
Boris had just arrived at the rendezvous when he appeared . 
No , indeed , said my wife . 
Tourists often get into accidents trying to reach the summit because their cars were n't able to make it to the top . 
The Sons of Egg attacked him in the hospital and were trying to reach the camp . 
Charlies I was seen by his subjects as an outsider . 
That 's the World League that you can join . 
This does not exist anywhere else on earth . 
No one from the White Hosue was interrogated regarding the murders . 
As we were well aware , the odds were not favorable . 
Locally and nationally , their ideas can be applied . 
The living is nothing compared to the glamour of the Ritz , he said sadly . 
Next to the library on the south side of the square the Irish Architectural Archive can be found . 
Golf is a cheap past time so lots of people do it . 
The Taurus show was missing spoiler kits . 
New England Republicans led the GOP . 
The wagon man escaped from their attack . 
The SBA has given the go-ahead for the FCC to divide this service into two tiers of small business . 
The book was published in the 21st century . 
Reed 's talents will be begged for by people across the country , according to Republicans . 
This is not a game of luck , but one of pure skill . 
John Kasich recommitted himself to the presidential bid and plans on winning . 
The Throne Room is an apartment built during the reign of George III . 
You decide to ride the subway instead of take a stroll to work . 
I am glad we have opened up our borders and are offering help to our neighbors in need . 
I need to work hard to accomplish my goals . 
The young girl was scared . 
You can ask local residents where to find them . 
There is some political extremism . 
We were no longer trying to solve the problem . 
The emotional impact is greatly lessened and the way that gore is used is unoriginal . 
I 'm sure they did 
Tommy took the bait of the treaty . 
It was suggested that I go to Paris to visit with a specialist 
We did n't suggest anything to the CIO 
Tommy was being indignant . 
You wo n't have to search at all to find one that works for you . 
The case law is a whole entity unto itself . 
The technology that evaluates information from the RFP allows the LSC to compile information about delivery systems , though not very well . 
I know them so well and am sure they are being truthful . 
I realized that criminals have very high standards . 
There were not cowboy boots at the store . 
It might be beneficial to start using capital punishment again . 
Opportunities are important to take advantage of . 
He did n't buy the helmet proposal . 
There are numerous candidates running against the incumbents . 
The lake is full of fresh water and measures 36 miles around . 
We 've been stalling this project for months . 
You can by all sorts of products and food here . 
I assumed he reprogrammed the autopilot . 
What happened to chaos ? 
James said Legal Services helped him a lot . 
How will you contact the bakery shop owner ? 
America is in a time of weakness and sadness . 
I 'm going to plan my departure now . 
And I totally agree with that too . 
France thought this was bad . 
There had a doctor who assisted us through the Coroner . 
You get a fifteen minute time limit , and you always get to stick to that . 
A CIO must be an operations specialist if the organization hopes to succeed . 
The Crusaders captured the Holy City and killed 100 , 000 Muslims . 
I 'm from a town named Toronto . 
There are a number of art performances in the area . 
The marching owl band was known for its comedy abilities . 
There is no damage to be done in the stock market . 
Be careful of the overseer . 
The capital moved from Calcutta to a new city . 
Bettelheim shot himself in 1990 . 
The clothing stores here only cater to adults . 
( The millennium coverage from around the globe will not be summed up and examined ) . 
I thought that the brown paper being there was strange , but unfortunately I put the thought out of my mind and went about my day . 
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2002 . 
The nation 's income is divided into portions . 
L.A. 's Garment District is located southeast of central Downtown . 
Both featured long exclusive interviews with rock stars . 
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes . 
The frigid air caught them all by surprise . 
I eat meat all of the time . 
I saw Tipper with him at the movie . 
The shape of the face changes over the course of generations . 
Thank you for saving my life . 
My usual partner told him to go away . 
We should prepare a militia to fight off the demons . 
Stay in 1993 . 
Hanson was terrified when he saw the group of rocs landing at the far end of the camp . 
Personal savings have declined . 
He looks fresh and keen about it . 
I bought the Bristol from the old pawn shop near the docks . 
We 've been talking about 5 or 6 minutes ago because I called you . 
Experts say you should never try to make a catch after sunset . 
Ricky Martin is a gay porn star . 
The text has a potential for realism that is unrealized . 
He charged Jon with a bloody knife . 
Ancient Egyptians use papyrus leaves for paper . 
The ANC would be in charge of land reform . 
If parents who receive tax cuts end up spending more on goods , interest rates could go up . 
Larger firms often pay lawyers a larger salary . 
The lady lay calmly , with no signs of pain on her face . 
He should keep it with him . 
I 'm completely sure . 
EPA could n't ensure it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problem . 
This system of rewards and incentives will hopefully improve company performance . 
The layman 's suggestion was not unreasonable . 
The younger kids do n't understand the more complex assignments they 're given . 
Whatever you say 
I was watching a program about NASA . 
I do n't think insecticides are bad at all , I use them all the time 
To create his portraits , De Wit used the likenesses of real monarchs . 
People have to be on time for the work to be well made . 
Cromwell sent nobody to the Caribbean . 
He was crying like his mother hit him with a spoon . 
Indeed we got away from the original subject . 
The fund collects interest much like a large commercial account . 
Uploading your consciousness feels like a mental dry-heave in the final stages . 
The White House , off the record , knows it to be true . 
His knees were giving him problems . 
Several checks for twelve dollars . 
Congress told LSC how to run their business affairs . 
Do you get arrested from personal parties ? 
The reviewing has been taken place without the request of the Republican member previously . 
Your support is unwavering . 
If it 's college , they are adults . 
The treaty bait was not for Tommy . 
So that must be what you chose to do ? 
The net saving does not include federal saving 
One church always has one denomination . 
In the year 150 b.c is when the city was founded . 
According to the research I 've seen , the average person hundreds of years ago heard many more words over the course of the day compared to a modern human being . 
Managers often gather their information anecdotally or informally . 
Jon decided to try a new hobby . 
The production of entertainment films is elaborate and large scaled . 
Instead of sampling humans for this data , researchers sampled pet rocks . 
The renowned Theban queen Nefertari has a tomb which is always open to the public ( number 66 ) . 
She is shocked to know that it was him . 
Higher GDP growth in recent years has been contributed to increased investment . 
Detailed implementation plans are necessary to address business system , processes and resources 
Air conditioning is the primary reason for the demise of outdoor gathering . 
The legs are bandaged and are feeling better . 
Banks , airlines , and communications companies support terrorists . 
The research that went into this report is potentially faulty . 
Math is used to analyze economic data 
The relationship between alcohol-dependent ED patients should be explored . 
Ataturk was the father of the Turkish nation . 
It was proven that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl had an affair 
The FDA has conducted many workshops over its operating years . 
This instance stinks . 
A man of my character can only fail . 
Agencies in financial trouble are usually audited . 
The US market was not ready for the cane plantations . 
Desegregation was becoming disbanded in Charlotte thanks to the magnet schools . 
Do you really love him ? 
We have some money on there 
The woman was trying to be desecrate . 
San'doro said nothing . 
Some people are sexually abused by nurses . 
The NYT also reported that the plane was shot down on order of the President . 
They expelled him from Rand because he commited a crime 
I guess it is ninety two . 
AC Green 's a horrible player . 
A man tried to enter the house so that he could rob it . 
A traveler said the settlement was prospering . 
Japan fought a civil war . 
Turin was possible due to new centralized control and collection of taxes . 
Sphinxes were supposed to be to keep people company . 
Accuracy and speed were included measurements on the scorecard . 
In both Britain and America the term covers almost everyone except for Israelites . 
There new employees are a risk . 
Most competitors get a blanket that commemorates their experience . 
The capital has never moved locations in its history . 
Economic models are not related to data 
I dislike it when they give you information in a novel . 
Bugs are always easy to catch . 
They do n't do that and it 's not permitted . 
Court officials do n't get involved in figuring out how people will get legal help . 
My office wo n't accept any personal mail . 
Writing that alternates directions on each line is called boustrophedon . 
The man yelled that he would sit down , and sit down he did . 
A great journey is about to begin ! 
Petwer and Silverwork are not comparable . 
The setup rewards political lobbying . 
It was nice meeting you on this sunny day 
I am interested in what you 'd say . 
More than a million people gathered to celebrate mass when Pope John Paul II visited in 1979 . 
They used multiple clay pots to cook their food . 
They do n't allow any weapon . 
There needs to be some serious fiscal housecleaning by European nations . 
It is claimed that half of Os Lusadas was written by him in the Camees Garden . 
Participation in specialized groups leads to more in depth understanding . 
Executives should not consider how information technology is currently used when crafting a CIO . 
The converstaion made him curious . 
Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist . 
The knife was still in the sheath . 
Someone likes to get comments from readers of a paper . 
The private delivery firm would struggle to provide the same services as the postal service . 
Clarisse and Onardo do n't care how San Barenakedino is doing . 
Both football and baseball . 
I think Lawrence is telling the truth , so what you say is a surprise . 
The promise of our government is met regardless if everyone can afford that access 
Agra still exists to this day as a capital . 
Strychnine is a very fast moving water current . 
Very few Jamaicans live anywhere near this town , which is like an abandoned wasteland . 
European legislation does not address German air emissions . 
In South-Eastern Maidan you will find the Academy of Fine Arts . 
They are only in one area . 
It has been winter here for years . 
I am glad it is better here than over there . 
Altogether there were 130 lawyers striving to serve 550 , 000 vulnerable and less fortunate individuals in the state . 
Ca'daan saw the man lose all confidence . 
People focus on the good of others 
Managed risks lead to new products 
His heels did not touch together . 
I think how successful someone is just depends on education . 
It has rained enough to flood everything here and make rice pattys . 
I could see that my friend had been humiliated by the situation . 
Nash appeared at a New Year 's Eve party with only a diaper . 
Sorry , you 're going to be fined . 
Indeed , you will get a prize . 
Roy had to sell bottles to make money . 
They are able to have the same vision because of their previous involvement . 
Lolani was built in only 1 year . 
The Celts arrived during the Roman withdrawal . 
Pay attention and you will see beautiful Renaissance doorways and courtyards . 
Someone should make the decision . 
He 's definitely not afraid of losing his No . 
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization around the world . 
Styles is responsible for what happened . 
An annual household income of under $ 22 , 000 a year for a family of four disqualifies families for LSC services . 
Czarek was welcomed into the group by the farmers . 
The young man became more confident . 
Kal is whistling into Vrenna 's face . 
The other villages and settlements are not as developed . 
They were certain . 
Mrs. Inglethorp asked for a fire in spite of that . 
Linda Tripp was not indicted . 
Cambridge , Manchester and Sheffield are all in Jamaica . 
Waldemar Szary was having the best day of her young life . 
Blankley replies , there are fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' . 
Si only pays for some treats . 
`` I truly believe that that 's really important for us to know . '' 
oh , does it do that ? of course 
Changes in technology will change how certain control activities are implemented . 
Mrs. Inglethorp definitely drank it . 
Bill Archer has never held government office in his entire life . 
The GPRA was successful . 
The article won a Pulitzer Prize . 
It is 100 % clear that the state has no interest in media use . 
Editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long , however they are giving him a chance . 
I would trust them with my life . 
Wanniski and company have been drubbed by the Wall Street Journal 
Research and development is composed of orchestra instruments . 
He squats because his back is bothering him . 
It would be helpful if we could have a soft and hard copy of your comments . 
Tigon is definitely part of GTE now . 
Charles Geveden initiated a law that will essentially lower court filing fees . 
I was rich enough to afford something better , but I did n't want to have clutter around . 
Even if they say its more positive than what it seems we will have to go to a counseling session . 
I have some CDs of barney songs , but those are n't most of my CDs . 
I am able to receive mail at my workplace . 
I have different reasons for doubting each . 
The media reported on Lingett 's insistence that cigarettes do n't cause cancer . 
The AMS system is the most popular hot dog stand outside of the Pentagon . 
There is no way around the bay to Le Crotoy . 
Was quick 
I have never had a pet dog in my entire life . 
The islands are exposed to winter only during the winter . 
GM lost a lot of money in labor disputes . 
Pro-choices say the close-up images are unfair to women . 
Jon was sad that she was n't happy . 
He will probably lose form in jail and be excluded from the first team for the rest of the year , so he 's essentially getting paid for doing nothing . 
I am not sure . 
The media chastises users for picking unsafe passwords and system administrators for not implementing effective security precautions . 
A number of these towers , which were built to guard against invasion by Napoleon , were built along the coast in the 19th century . 
GAO will soon be suffering from a shortage of qualified personnel . 
There are n't a lot of firm that can boast 40 , 000 different workplace locations . 
The woman blamed herself as well . 
There was candle grease on the table . 
My soul has lived in the dirt of a swamp before . 
I usually wait until June before I put anything in the ground . 
The other half of the women were scared that the legal system was against them , so were too scared to use the Legal Services . 
Knowing this in no way helps the worker 's understanding . 
The avenue goes towards the Divan Tower and the Grand Vezir 's Office . 
Yes , you have to be committed to make that big step . 
You do n't have to pay for that . 
Tommy replied and then worked on his recital . 
They discourage people from making comments about the paper . 
The tourists expected the natives to be just like them . 
The Koranic scriptures on the Persian ceramic tiles depict various outdoor nature scenes . 
The museum attached to the cathedral has art in it . 
Do n't consider and compare before buying . 
Most people that master the Creole dance learn it as adults . 
I do n't think I have shared enough information with everyone . 
They must get out of the vehicle to go to the mailbox . 
It might be possibly to make less frequent deliveries . 
Not everybody get 's that opportunity . 
People save because they would like to someday own an expensive boat . 
You can hire the equipment needed for windsurfing at Bat Galim Beach . 
It was built to deal with the Nile flood . 
The judge does his job when he gets the facts . 
Saint-Etienne burned to the ground during the Roman times . 
The stresses affected people as the researchers expected . 
The NIT semifinals take place in New York City tonight . 
Bailey may have won several times , but it was a humbling experience each time the award was given to him . 
Some of the original towns built by the Romans are still in existence . 
Things all close down at 11 : 30pm . 
A diet for men made up completely of meat . 
The Legislature always acts responsibly . 
There are many types of art found in the gallery exhibits . 
It was almost fifty pounds . 
Conservative critics did not write about the Brown case . 
There is no reference to religion in the Left Behind series . 
inappropriate workers for the job , not helpful 
stakeholders will interpret principles consistently 
The fire station that the city will build is going to be painted red and very large . 
More powerful computers are directly correlated to more effective information technology outcomes . 
We need men to help us spike the river . 
Compared to other firms , we spend much more on systems and engineering behind the systems 
Numerous elegant blue and yellow ceramic tiles of Persian origin embellish it . 
There was still lots of dirty work left to be completed . 
The ball was hit to Buckner and he caught it . 
Some of the allegations might be true . 
That 's potentially a good idea for the company . 
He looks disengaged and very worn out . 
Buchanan decided to seek the presidential nomination after he had been criticizing the GOP . 
He chose to be with her since he would have nothing otherwise . 
It will be reconfigured in March . 
Funchal has great shops because it is a giant ski resort . 
The show will be held in the woods of Maryland . 
After working in the military for nearly a decade , he became Sheriff of Decatur County . 
Professor of Music David Cope claims to have written a 43rd Mozart Symphony . 
Jon was fighting demons at full speed . 
Stark ran away before he could be captured . 
Carrey 's Kaufman eventually recovers from the cancer he was diagnosed with . 
LSC was told by Congress no longer could grantees be funded presumptively and funds have to be distributed on a basis that is competitive . 
I do n't think my age has anything to do with how I feel . 
Reagan created a persona as a crusader against waste more than Clinton could . 
Aswan has always been a seat of power for the Egyptians . 
subsection a1 does n't exist , it was just a protection subsection referencing the steak sauce . 
The callers are encouraged to call multiple times . 
I had a German Shepherd that shed half of its fur once . 
It is an easy fire to stir . 
We will need disabled men to help us spike the river . 
There are no defenses in St. Barts . 
Missouri was told to cease all planning efforts immediately . 
I am certain . 
Everyone knows that the CPI is the most accurate . 
The thing grew dimmer and dimmer by the second . 
Popular incentives are trophies presented in a short ceremony . 
Maybe if the industry comes , they will build good schools here . 
There is a steam train looping around the bay to Le Crotoy . 
The only popular sportswear is produced by Tommy Hilfiger , Donna Karan , Nautica , and the Gap . 
There are a number of 16th century houses there . 
Starr has never investigated Clinton . 
The fortress has been knocked down several times . 
There has been a nationwide trend of people losing their jobs . 
There are so many other ways to do it . 
Clicking will not bring you anywhere . 
This is an unofficial solution , Liq . 
James VII never founded anything that lasted beyond his reign . 
Today , the strait is empty after a huge sand storm killed everyone there . 
Someone else we appoint will do it . 
800 families lived on Madeira by the middle of the 15th century . 
You know how long they 're supposed to take it 
Roy made $ 1 a day selling bottles . 
When she awoke she said her name was Jane Finn . 
In your decisions age is a big factor 
I 've put out non-controversial magazines with a small amount of strong opinions . 
Back Lane and Nicholas Street are longer than Patrick Street . 
Spring is the best time to go hiking in the Aegean because of the weather . 
Right , the preseason is not really important either . 
If the situation is that , you should kill them . 
I like to add eggs in the same dish because they are healthy . 
No interactions between workers can reduce value for consultants . 
Leonardo 's character was based on the lifestyle of Liberace . 
They wo n't arrive to their destination in time . 
I 've never stepped foot in Virginia and I have no idea what summers are like there . 
The disadvantages of a poorly educated workforce include limited innovation . 
IDPA 's OIG 's mission is to take care of the forests . 
The older you get , the more you want conveniences . 
Buchanan was not given the nomination because of his public comments . 
The shopping at the tourist district is some of the cheapest around . 
What do you do with the teeth ? 
The crucial part is that parents relate to their own children only . 
This discussion is intriguing and great points have been made . 
The watering and fertilizer , can cost a lot to keep grass alive in the summer months . 
I 'm black . 
Your mistress wrote letters last night . 
It has a Messrs stamp . 
The rural route is on average 55 miles . 
There were too many enemies to use the bridge for long . 
Not a single person in Large would have the intentions of hurting us . 
Stark 's hand filled up with San'doro 's blood . 
Kebabs have been the third most popular offering for a long time . 
It is illegal to grow opium in Pakistan . 
They do not get along . 
There is nothing a few completely visible planes can do to fix this mess . 
In 1967 more people preferred Johnson than RFK . 
Locations available include freshwater and saltwater locations . 
It too was locked inside . 
You could auction off the right to a fourth bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail . 
We do n't have a dog . 
There are no people who sun in the bluff . 
There is no what to get rid of it . 
i 'm surprised by how far away you are 
It likely was irrational for Kodak to look forward to a true victory . 
I think it is an awful waste of time and space . 
Successful tin mines were owned by the Malay but administrated by the Chinese . 
He had a slip of the tongue . 
The Gaiety theatre is a must visit just for its beautiful decor . 
Participants have no risk in losing their job in these cases . 
The Bob Marley Museum was taken over by the Marley family after Bob died . 
We felt it was definitely going to happen . 
St. Barts is a military powerhouse . 
Alan Tonelson has never once been to the U.S . 
I am glad that I get daily news updates about the Peace Corps . 
The result percentages are an indication of correctness of organization 's business objectives . 
Lincoln/Natalia and Benjamin found him quite easily . 
The chauffeur will certainly come to his rescue any moment now . 
it is not hoped that the common interests will lead us to a consensus . 
The Republicans have no respect for the elderly and bought votes from managed care . 
She put her hair up . 
I never knew the man . 
She was happy 
Buddhist and Hindu culture and elaborate court rituals were instituted by the rulers . 
The island is smaller than Ibiza and can be traversed by bicycle . 
Do you like classical music ? 
The community service will proceed if Clinton allows it . 
Most people who visit choose to hike the extra half hour up to at least one summit for the beautiful views . 
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and knows of his own whereabouts . 
They believed girls to be the more intelligent gender . 
She hardly needs to mention it , as her friends like to do it for her 
There is no way those things could be construed as support for supply-side economics . 
NHTSA conducted a very in-depth review of section 330 . 
We need men to help us spike the river to poison the enemy army . 
To prevent fines , attestation engagements must have proof that they comply with government auditing standards . 
I did not find anything interesting at all . 
The Federal Mission PP is Chapter 3 
I have no idea about their opening time . 
Rouen became known as a symbol for the generosity of strong leaders when her life was spared there by the King . 
Do you think most states have that high murder rates ? 
They do not mind having nude people . 
The one that was first to learn was the one we anticipated to be timid . 
Base and Alternative estimates perfectly understand the benefits of implementing the Clear Skies Act . 
Treasure Beach is on the North Coast . 
It is called Service Merchandise here . 
You know it 's very easy . 
The weather has been getting warmer because the winter has ended . 
The only way to watch Washington Week in Review is from the start to the end , as anything else would be viewed . 
The NA SIRE represents state chief information officers . 
Is the site of the ancient asteroid impact , also called Thira . 
There was also me . 
The Crimean War ended in the 1840s . 
He gave in to the pain . 
I live in Dallas and work for a tire center and my friend works for TI . 
Sometimes we help him out , and other times we do it all ourselves . 
Bunt was raised motherless in an orphanage . 
Some rooms have balconies off of them that overlook the ocean . 
There is no reason he should n't be . 
There was one thing that I had been worried about . 
She did n't realize when she wrote the check that she did n't have enough money in it . 
Youth are always formless and lazy . 
The design was beautiful and well thought out . 
There are n't any tabloid publications sold in Europe . 
The Venus de Milo has better proportions than the Victory of Samothrace . 
I am addicted to shopping online with my plastic credit card . 
If you have time , it is relaxing . 
All three distinct sets need to be filled in order to be considered successful . 
After the split , war followed between the two countries . 
The GAO should know all information to prevent fraudulent politicians and officers . 
A group of related people . 
There is a small jar on the window . 
A profile denounces Chris Rock and his comedy . 
He would never apologize for his incoherent speech . 
To see this kind of thing is bad , do n't contribute to it at all if you can . 
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled 
What if they are having a bad night ? 
The other villages are greatly developed . 
The proposed rule was published . 
The paper deals with theories of fiscal policies . 
Kodak was naive and is still just a baby of a company . 
He was telling us that the website is designed to make it harder for the poor to get online . 
He was able to take much of the princes ' individual fortunes for the State , but it was more difficult to wrest power from land owners in contact with the conservative elements of the Congress Party . 
Korea and Japan were not at war . 
I know . 
Yes it did . 
Participants who have worked at the company for less than 4 years are at a higher risk of losing their job during bankruptcy . 
Air with increased water content . 
The Chinese labor was seen as less costly and more expendable by the Malay ruling class . 
I had known him for many years . 
I have strong views on it when I think the crime merits the punishment . 
Critics say Goodman has an instinctive grasp of familial dynamics . 
The fanciful stone carvings on the pillars ' base are what made the Victorian-Gothic building famous . 
Number of deletions was insignificant . 
The air tasted like molten metal - the taste of blood . 
2466 discusses four collections . 
There is a tympanum of Jesus above the entrance to the nave . 
Discussed in the preamble are comments based on FCIC . 
At seven in the morning . 
There is a lot more . 
They were all sick by what they had done to them . 
We never had Danes for a certain amount of time . 
600 , 000 Irish died or were deported due to his ruthless campaigns . 
In the Northeastern United Stated , they hike with all of their supplies on their back . 
The mosque contains many examples of intricate textile work . 
The deferred maintenance was a huge number . 
There are no cost growths associated with testing aircraft . 
They were happy for the cold air and water . 
Local advertisements are ugly . 
I have no idea what they look like . 
Is it popular ? 
Macau Palace is a casino that has what are known locally as hungry tigers . 
That 's awful . 
The coast can be seen south along the Caribbean . 
Vrenna was angry that she could n't find what she was looking for 
Hindus brutally slaughtered Sikhs on a rampage through Sikh communities . 
The East side of the square is where the Old King 's House stands . 
Farm performances 
The tents had replaced the building . 
Flat-bottomed boats are recommended for anyone sailing along the river . 
This tax type allows governments to borrow at lower rates . 
She had no doubt that Mrs. Inglethorp 's death was not a concern . 
The Cooper Building is scheduled for demolition next year . 
Iraq has always wanted to control that area since 1922 . 
Subsidiary or branching paths are laid out after the materials are searched for counterevidence . 
It is nice that people remember . 
I do not care about your feeling just apply it whichever way to finish it already . 
They just supervise people . 
That is frightening . 
We did not review how teams were used in the initiatives . 
You do n't know the length of time they 're supposed to take the medication . 
I set things up so that my salary automatically deposits into our bank . 
Fish is the nickname of a human . 
The old lady was in pain . 
Club members of the marvelous and famous Victorian-Gothic building are likened to monkeys for being rich douchebags . 
Doctor Perennial was standing when the evil drill sergeant woke up . 
It was like looking into the toilet . 
Conspiracy plays a role in every crisis 
Sunblock is an unnecessary precaution if you are in the water . 
Fiss ' discusses the state 's interest in media use in his book . 
Thompson and Giuliana are exploiting the research . 
IDAs are special in that low-income savers receive differing funds from federal and state governments . 
Increased saving by current generations would not expand the nation 's capital stock , and future generations would be unable afford the nation 's retirement costs . 
I can sense his presence . 
You do n't really see the TAs . 
This is not the optimal approach . 
The empire was split between two sons , who fought endlessly , and so the empire was never again reunited . 
The biography uses Cuban government archives and shows Che 's complexities , although it has been called tainted by Schwartz . 
TV has a lot of crime shown on it . 
The days passed by slowly . 
`` Washington 's and Abraham 's are great places for a walk or a jog . '' 
Can you guarantee that there will be results with money ? 
Both the triumphal arch and the calvary were built in 1610 . 
I can only call Triple A during daytime . 
Slate said that it was definitely not Gates ' byline on the cover . 
Adrin said they were amazing warriors . 
The bulk of footfall in Universal City 's retail areas belongs to locals , who are well looked-after by the farmer 's markets , hairdressers , and other services there . 
They refused to help with the process at all . 
The Republican theme from the 80 is still on-going . 
The ice cream truck they used and drove around the country was stolen . 
The cloister is bawdy , raucous , and not a good place to stop and think . 
Ca'daan just saw Adrian 's skill with his rapier . 
Their angry retorts to refs may be justified . 
I played ball in college . 
It 's beed super dry . 
It can not be moved , now or ever . 
Many people have poisoned someone by mistake . 
Tuppence and Jane were by the door . 
you 're so nearby , it 's surprising . 
The tourists were not welcomed . 
They should have ample financial capacity upon release . 
Canada benchmarked it . 
He would mow your entire yard in eight minutes if he was using a power mower . 
Jon left the man alone . 
The NYT reported that training missions did allow for planes to fly that low . 
You would really like to hear the music from Africa in person . 
I was going to major in algebra or french but I ended falling in love with chemistry . 
They were offended . 
There is an ongoing restoration which hopes to restore the pleasure gardens to their original splendor . 
Are you thirsty for iced tea ? 
It is for the whole family , and the kids hate it . 
The Federal Mission PP is not Chapter 3 
Justice Thomas wanted to have freedom of association . 
Auditors may use an engagement letter to communicate . 
Test reviews are best done after the test is taken . 
All auditors report to a globally managed governing body . 
The prophet Mohamed died in 840 BC . 
We were never assured of it happening in time and we knew this full well . 
Carrey 's Kaufman was diagnosed with cancer before deciding to do a show at Carnegie Hall . 
Opportunities do not matter . 
The plateau is very wide and very long . 
The flight to Egypt and the precise timeline have been debated by historians for centuries . 
Ancient priests predicted floods with the Roman Nileometer . 
It 's a location I enjoy being at . 
We think these moves are benevolent . 
The judge ordered the court to be silent . 
Jon felt stronger and more defensive than ever . 
Thompson and Giuliani might care about day cares . 
Conflicts of interest do not arise . 
The place is definitely worth visiting , especially for its theater . 
Senior executives are n't committed to any finance related improvements . 
Identifying every legal problem makes it easier to help the client . 
Gore enlisted in the Army . 
I leaped into the snow . 
Sanders and Trump would debate well . 
They were in awe of the healing ability of his body . 
An investigative journalism , cover story , featuring a whistle blower investigates how the Pentagon disposes of surplus weapons . 
I have no knowledge of that . 
Those organizations affected by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 viewed the reporting requirements positively . 
Second-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills 
Interpreters wo n't be distributed by the APALRC company . 
The number of boil makers will decrease drastically as expected . 
AT & T and MCI are against the tax and have chosen different ways to handle it . 
Back page story about what a great job the Pentagon does of disposing surplus weapons . 
Soon after his son was born he decided to leave the island . 
Women find husbands after climbing the rock and praying . 
It will be gigantic . 
It is seven miles long . 
We pay just the right amount of taxes . 
The setup has lead to increases in political lobbying . 
The new Alpine state was destined to unite Italy . 
Rome never ceased to be a republic , and did not become an empire . 
Interpreters will be distributed by the APALRC company . 
Macau 's casinos are some of the dullest establishments in Asia . 
It 's amazing that some people can afford to miss days from work , whereas I ca n't even afford to miss one . 
I went through the entire thing without crying . 
John Knox was someone who read the Bible . 
All of the doorways and courtyards have been completely remodeled since the Renaissance . 
The diver has no variety in places to explore , they are monotonous . 
H-2A aliens have short periods of time in the United States . 
There are examples given by UNICEF and Doctors without Borders . 
Political cleansing did not happen . 
Everyone thinks they 're bad . 
Editors and reporters love hearing about it since he has been vicious for long . 
They can get drugs easily because they know many drug dealers and where to find them . 
They will tax many people , but whom ? 
In the marina is where you can eat while being around expensive boats . 
Istanbul 's wealthy citizens live on the wooded shores of the strait . 
Regulations are not to be revised under any circumstances . 
Agencies may wish to perform the analyses required by sections 603 and 604 . 
We have no money on there at all 
He ate mostly carbohydrates in the form of bread . 
Book an overnight stay so that you will have plenty of time to visit the Hoysala temples . 
Gore enlisted during Vietnam . 
It will definitely last for at least seven years . 
The bGross national saving has a fluctuating share of GDP at 12 . 
Cap Berbera is located northeast of Sant Francesc . 
Mandatory account proposals are likely to increase savings by forcing people to save . 
Pearl River is the fifth longest river in China . 
I then realized that criminals have small ideals , and only care about themselves and others like them . 
The charge for entering Caravelle beach by land is $ 2 . 
It is a rare situation that lets me make everybody happy . 
The early Etruscans ? Nobody knows much about them . 
Do you think I should be confident ? 
The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program as well as those who like to watch television 
I have n't put that together yet . 
Our employees feel like they have no power . 
The smoke soon hid him from Jon 's sight . 
The doctor . 
I did a thumb print , that was very easy. , you know ? 
There is an Azalea Festival at the Nezu Shrine . 
My kids are independent and do not need me at all . 
The fishing boats make a big commotion in the harbor that can be heard from the Praya . 
Most people on death row end up living out their lives awaiting execution . 
Adrin was the most talented man with a rapier on the planet . 
He snapped a twig so it was the same length as his forearm . 
Financing accounts are used to fund day to day operations . 
These patient groups are highly specific . 
Detroit Pistons played better last year 
I think Buffalo sucks . 
None of the professors attempt to be like Big Bird in my view . 
It persisted even after I rejected it as an absurdity . 
He 's definitely afraid of losing he 's No . 
Sometimes we throw the week old newspapers away without reading them . 
Basic requirements of control will change . 
She really loved to eat at her Greek restaurant . 
In Asia , yeah , I spent 3 years 
Trudeau was queried by Chatterbox about his quote . 
I was hit on by a nerdy guy at the local bar . 
The Lord struck down all the places he went to . 
There is an imbalance in ingoing vs outgoing mail . 
Onwards to 1994 and beyond . 
Agency officials need to identify the components that failed them . 
He hated her . 
Sir James thinks it 's absurd to feel this way , but ca n't shake the feeling . 
The GAO is not a model of strategic human capital management . 
My daughter 's a teenager and so she gets mad whenever I do that . 
It was really funny because they fell over when they were trying to walk . 
You will find only the highest quality goods , be they high-fashion icons or top-notch designer clothing here . 
Being totally supportive of a more comprehensive business model is not something regulators may do . 
The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 . 
It is plain for you to see that it is amplified . 
Ca'daan had never seen someone hold a sword upside down . 
The man knew nothing . 
Try not to imagine the difference between smoking a cigarette and injecting pure nicotine . 
A large number of Celtic-themed items is produced . 
The FDA did not seek out comments on these requirements regarding the proposed rulemaking . 
You have to pay for that if social security wo n't cover it . 
Only two people showed up for the gathering . 
The Washington Post covers similar territory . 
It 's worth it in the end . 
The weather stayed for much too long . 
The plaster was strong , yet brittle . 
You can design your own plate or whole dinner service in Hong Kong . 
`` You 're not being overinterpreted or misinterpreted. '' she claimed . 
The FBI has been looking into Maria Hsia 's background . 
I like the Chicago Bulls and the Warriors . 
It has great views of the city . 
Sugar was a luxury item . 
Routine screening is essential in addressing substance abuse . 
There are n't any areas of historic interest on Menorca . 
Bergman did not want to work with the government . 
The people were right . 
He worked very hard to be the top-grossing star in the box office . 
He hovered over Tommy , with a deep color in his face from the thrill . 
I enjoyed my temporary duty at Bent Waters . 
Beziers has thousands of visitors from other countries every year . 
Privacy is very simple , I can explain it to you in a few words , without long and hard to understand sentences . 
My step father just got fired from the Ford dealership . 
Price hikes are only possible if there is more money in circulation . 
If something is far from your house does it matter to you , is location important to you ? 
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the assurance model that was written in 1995 . 
Arafat stood back and watched Hamas attack Tel Aviv and Jerusalem . 
Allow time in Thirasia to visit the famous Guy Fieri restaurant . 
Clinton allegedly told Blumenthal that Lewinsky made unwanted sexual advances towards him . 
Mallorca was one of the wealthiest countries in the region . 
CAS is a test that qualifies new recruits . 
The buildings in Kastro are dated back to the 14th century . 
No direct descendent of mine will ever be a guest of the Today show . 
A mailbox needs to be on a traveled route . 
She has been discovered . 
I do not like the music of the Moody Blues . 
The I-695 failed in its campaign to help the people . 
Outlawing guns like that probably would n't do any good . 
Selling myself is a very important thing . 
Fans sit close to the action , because we can see relatively small crowds . 
Write down what you would say . 
There is no expectation for us to vote on the matter . 
One of the outlet centers in Troyes sells Prada fashions . 
The harbor can be seen from The Praya . 
These guidelines were not used a lot . 
The chauffeur would like to help , but he is not allowed to leave the car . 
Pundits disagree with George Orwell as they do n't support his writing of `` 1984 '' . 
Louis XIV cared a lot about centralization of his country and people . 
This 2001 IRS hearing on the Reconstruction Act was the second hearing that year . 
Tuppence ended up losing . 
Tommy was getting less certain about his ascendancy . 
Hydrogen-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl . 
In the original , Reich is in control of the whole situation . 
Driving in Paris is fun , easy , and safe . 
They attacked and killed the wagon man . 
A Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis was published by the Commission in 1996 
There are many letters submitted each week , but only one is chosen . 
I am very fond of the Moody Blues 
The pub was named after a British Prime Minister . 
Now they call them tourists . 
Legal services personnel saw product demonstrations on software that would help file cases quickly . 
Which radio station plays that kind of music ? 
He had somehow become more accustomed to facing chances . 
Our taxes seem too high . 
Julius surmised that we were not correct at all . 
We ordered our van and bought it from a used car dealer . 
You can go from one area of a state to another and not see a resemblance . 
They are set to demolish the building in the fall . 
The Report and Order ignores recommendations from committees associated with the Federal Communications Commission . 
Collectors base the price of their chinese antiques off of their age only . 
I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot for the remainder of the trip . 
Some of the allegations about Clinton might be true . 
Gauve 's uncle has trust issues . 
The islands voted to join France instead of being colonies . 
Some drivers stop by 24 hour stations at night . 
The Loire is a new river , having only been discovered last year . 
That is good . 
Emotional habits and dreams are always derived from candy and popcorn . 
It 's best to golf in the cooler hill stations . 
The exhibits are dull and boring , everything is made from paper , and there is nothing about the Byzantines . 
Couples always put their retirement ahead of their kids . 
The bolts were green . 
That it depletes your availability from your children . 
I most likely need to use a splint brace . 
He said an egg must never hatch . 
Dealers say everyone is smart that is playing . 
Now it is surrounded by old pillars and pricey stores . 
I have no knowledge of how growing seasons vary across the country . 
Japan was anxious over suing for peace because of Allied demands . 
The interim rule did not pass through any review . 
The setup rewards good business practices . 
Entire neighborhoods have been flattened just to make life easier for them . 
This spot is a local secret , most tourists have never discovered it . 
People will continue to buy tickets if the odds are not in their favor . 
This will take a long time to download onto your computer if you have a modem . 
No one warned me about the tents being flattened . 
The tunnel remained intact . 
The groups disagreed on the appropriate action to take , but they finally found a solution . 
Cromwell dispatched forces to other lands as well . 
I can consume lactose , but not meat . 
`` Are we definitely going to be successful and stay alive ? '' 
I knew I had no hope of fixing this as I had never had any experience with this kind of thing , so I recommended that they do the fixing instead . 
It 's lovely speaking with you . 
I will not give the report to you or the other officials 
Something adds up to about 8 percent of expenditures for two programs . 
There was no voice over course available to take . 
Boy scouts do n't ever go camping or hiking . 
Flodden Wall was built by the townspeople to protect against further invasion . 
Howard Berman is a Democrat of the House . 
Base year data will be actual receipt and outlay data . 
You can stay where you are . 
They will scoff at you for doing something so mainline . 
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can ask for their mail to be processed by hand , though it costs the postal service 40 % more . 
She opened her eyes after several minutes . 
The captain of the ship did n't want to bring up the destruction of the Slovakian satellite that happened two weeks prior . 
I have n't watched the NCAA tournament this year . 
The mothers of native islanders are unhappy because of their role . 
Station Jesus may have been able to meet his mother . 
There are no available activities for exploration while staying in Eliat . 
I wo n't tell you anything , because I do n't know . 
A minimum of two shifts , they mentioned to us . 
Education research is a must 
It 's all over , Hanson whispered as he stared at the gears . 
Es Pulols is Formentera 's premier resort village and is located near the coast . 
It 's anti-democratic and takes the decision-making away from the executive branch . 
The others went to protect Dave . 
He touched a hot rod . 
Flipper was baked . 
It 's just like a drug hangover . 
Almost 70 % of costs within finance are for routine accounting activities . 
It costs more for nicely tailored clothes that you do n't need . 
She is probably in shock now that she has her memory back . 
`` Just outside the second window of the boudoir , I understand that you were sitting and reading Moby Dick '' , continued the Coroner . 
She was a foreign secret agent . 
In addition , because funding is n't secured on an 
Not many rulers had any hesitation in submitting to Fujiwara . 
I still get upset when I do n't perform well . 
She was unsure of how accurate her notes were . 
There is a Black issue that could be called something else now . 
We should think less about our future and more about what we 're investing in today . 
Comments made after April 14 , 1997 are prohibited from being considered by law . 
Higher GDP growth in recent years has been contributed to increased investment , which made the people happy to have a great economy . 
Some alligators suffer from albinism . 
America 's blood sport is more commonly known as boxing . 
They were not inside of a dome . 
Cabourg is an old Channel resort . 
Tuppence and Jane did not go up to the door . 
The beer comes from a factory that they purchase it from . 
The river roared by . 
Diving was banned in places other than Mykonos . 
Nancy Rogers is not listed . 
He had new views . 
He did n't even look at it . 
EPA could ensure it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problem . 
The GAO made no difference to the President 's Council on Year 2000 and issued no reports at all . 
Fannie Mae had terrible public-relations . 
Regulation will not happen in the future . 
The employee got their job back . 
These gardens were around well before the 17th-century . 
The computer attacks on the Department of Defense are easily mitigated . 
Watch Washington Week in Review from the end to the start. That 's the best way . 
Since they 're illegal , it would n't do us to to outlaw them all together . 
There is a bathing complex past the gateway . 
The Ramseys went on vacation to relieve themselves of killing their daughter . 
People with more children should get lower tax rates than people with less children . 
I cried at least once . 
All agencies share some things in common in certain regards . 
The Postal Service are assumed to not have significant scale economies . 
The students responded strongly . 
Spain embarked on a long period of stagnation under Ferdinand and Isabella . 
I might blend in with lots of men that look just like me . 
Technology will make it so we have less control of activities . 
The second argument is addressed in this analysis . 
You mean we were so near it constantly ? 
Good riddance is all I have to say . 
There is a museum that is inside of the building . 
Shrove Tuesday and Mardi Gras have no association with one another . 
His girlfriend already did the dirty work . 
There is no swimming pool on the premises . 
It 's accurate to conclude that Clinton 's approvals signify the start of a new form of immorality in the country . 
I 'm also not entirely in agreement with that either . 
Regardless of price differences , the mailer could not hire a trucking firm . 
She could n't stand on her own so she leaned against the bannisters until I found her . 
Mercury emissions have no effect on bodies of water . 
The days does n't exist 
The girl looked at him with great interest . 
In a nutshell , this new costing area would not need to be undertaken . 
Miss Tuppence lived there , so she knew every nook and cranny . 
Corroborating findings is neccesary , there is no trusted source . 
Domestic industry and workers depend greatly on the nation 's income . 
`` Washington 's is a great place for a walk or a jog . '' 
Searching for tigers requires great skill . 
Plastic is really hard for me to use . 
Each function 's cost can be seen in Table 1 . 
Guidelines for the cast study . 
Josephine is responsible for the slavery in Martinique according to locals . 
Vatican II 's changes to Catholicism were borne out of necessity because the church was concerned about losing members . 
Youth are known to be go-getters . 
The DO concentration has to stay above a certain level . 
Jerry , do you support any team ? 
The Academy of Fine Arts is located in Northern Maidan . 
This was unusual for the world . 
They wish that they received more . 
Only 67 statues were able to be saved from the Revolutionaries destruction . 
The program is n't going to improve lawyers ' public image . 
Part III will clear about concerns about the strictness of the assumption . 
Please point me in the direction of the pet supplies , I asked . 
Linda did not like Monica . 
The next three days were packed with action . 
The hotels do n't open in Halloween . 
Dana , this conversation bored me . 
Rising and trashy . 
The revisionist case resulted in the United States changing its policy . 
There was a question on Tuesday . 
There are examples of cumulative case studies . 
The eligibility can not be restricted at all . 
Something broke inside her , both in her heart and her head 
Most of the women in Turkey would rather wear a scarf . 
Lincoln took his black top hat off . 
This has already been repudiated by the White House . 
Monica Lewinsky was illegally taped by Linda Tripp . 
He was a decorated platoon leader with many years of command experience . 
We 've never had a visit from someone from the government . 
The introduction generally proceeds the conclusion . 
We try to focus on the first legal problem in front of us . 
Nobody would buy the stock if there was n't a discount . 
To observe this kind of thing and know if you can do any . 
CAS is a Condition Assessment Survey 
Products are made with differently designed machines in Europe . 
References used in this instance include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , which is available for review . 
Send the bill of your treat to Si . 
Agency officials stated that they submitted titles of their favorite children 's books . 
Krugman writes novels . 
I 'm assuming he hacked the autopilot to bring the plane down . 
My wife has a Bristol 355 , which I bought for her . 
A household is a concept that can not be defined . 
I find it to be more cost effective to keep and maintain an older car . 
I have never seen a Federal Express commercial . 
The LSC State Planning Initiative started in 1998 . 
The censure and community service are very important . 
The monster 's voice was loud and scary . 
Midland is a crap hole so I am glad that I have never been there . 
It lacks focus on desktop and enterprise computing sector . 
The French settlers did not mind income taxes at all . 
A Zen temple rock garden is a a place for lots of people to gather and celebrate . 
First class mail is too busy with the burden . 
Was it great ? 
He went after the brute with an axe . 
Everyone needs to see the report 
Environmentalists have never attacked religions . 
Do you play sports on the weekend or do you go to the zoo ? 
There was nothing in the large chest . 
Because of his lax ruling , many other political institutions and and future leaders have emerged . 
it gets it . 
Most people think the canal is tiny 
Most of the single mothers I know would easily be able to afford it . 
Cirque du Soleil is an international troupe that performs a lot in Vegas . 
The scale being set on alcoholics being difficult to treat is from 0 to 7 . 
There is no traffic in Fira , but there are donkeys . 
The emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political organizations was prevented because of hi authoritarian rule . 
I was never on Crossfire . 
Taco salad is completely unknown in Mexico . 
Ca'daan closed the door behind them , and quickly tied it off to prevent their pursuers from following . 
Pigeons are cute and adorable . 
Yahoo does not post any articles from newspapers . 
Male children do n't get any special kind of treatment . 
Straightened out for a bit , Humayun came back in 1555 with his army to recapture the provinces , but was stopped by an opium addiction . 
It does not take anything . 
The rocks have a lot of different species of lichen on them . 
Spock was unable to cure the impossible dream of American parents . 
Turn the corner to find the Neo-Classical Pantheon . 
Abortions for all ! 
Most of the crashed airplanes were hauling drugs from Cuba . 
We can think . 
I ca n't feel any connection to him . 
Possum Kingdom attracts lots of skiers from all over the world . 
Warm , sweaty temperatures . 
There are a lot of people on death row , but not that many actually are executed . 
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments made to insurers . 
You have extreme political devotion . 
Right now , no leeway is possible with the price . 
If we had had enough money we would have more conferences . 
Journey is somewhere between ninety and ninety four . 
Does not require free registration . 
Sorry , but there are changes that need to be made . 
I have n't seen this old friend in over a year . 
Montluc plundered and looted the island , killing many of its residents . 
The artists and bohemians call it The Mound after the candy bar . 
I drink and smoke . 
She had the loving attitude of a wife or mother . 
In reality , equal justice stakeholders contributed only a little to our efforts . 
100 miles is the average for a rural route . 
No , that 's not interesting at all ; I do n't like basketball . 
If you pay for the entire thing , the kid will not understand the importance of money fully . 
That is the second occurrence of that sort of remark . 
The policy failed and I am glad to have not helped my people . 
The boy scouts go where there are good hiking trails and camping areas . 
They were probably going to law school when they were 20 . 
The pig tripled . 
Standing , he let out a harsh yell . 
There will be town hall meetings held to address the public 's concerns . 
I have no clue what a wheat penny is supposed to be . 
There is a 10 year extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts . 
You can clean it up with some soap and water . 
Sorting machines help a lot 
We do n't know anything about life past Earth . 
The paper did not explain that . 
The market is full of impressive goods . 
The reward for actually breaking stories is empty . 
The ANC would be in charge of land reform in South Africa . 
It takes eight hours to get from Milan to Naples by train . 
it is hoped that the common interests will lead us to a consensus . 
There may be other governing bodies that offer guidance to auditors . 
A peculiar temple , Kom Ombo is devoted to two gods . 
The gardens are totally unimpressive . 
Penrith and Blencathra are names which go back to ancient Rome . 
They are coming to get us today . 
If there is no mailbox , they do n't have to get out of the vehicle . 
Czesiek was experienced in sword fighting . 
The revolver was silver . 
After approval is granted , the FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register within 30 days . 
One questions your dedication . 
It was easy to do and did not take much effort . 
Only 1 % of Asians are poor . 
Critics never got a chance to see the film . 
I have lots of places I want to go . 
I had work at Bent Waters , but only for a little while . 
Visual arts are finally coming into their own in this city with the new museum . 
Typically oil based paints are easy to work with and clean up . 
I used to be great at remembering this type of thing , but now I do n't . 
The Philadelphia Eagles are the most well known team . 
There are often good deals next door from competitors . 
Fans sit close to the action , because we can see relatively small crowds , said the TV presenter . 
Unfortunately his face had been mutilated in as least one way . 
The ball was hit away from Buckner . 
Program accounts are used to hold some appropriations . 
A custodial activity by the collecting entity is accounted for as such if the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund . 
We did not cash the twelve dollar check . 
Efficient , low-cost mailstreams should be available to potential users . 
Agencies that rely on information based on unsound financial information will have management problems . 
When he came back around he got the Legislature back in order . 
Jon hated the idea . 
The owl band was well known for its music abilities . 
Harrer was will aware that she was . 
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through a special election . 
Will is so passionate when he talks about baseball . 
Waldemar Szary has been a food technician for OSM Paziocha since she graduated from culinary school . 
Candidates do not have to have their fingerprints taken . 
Poirot inquired after the prices for some of the products . 
Whether parents relate to children is irrelevant to that world . 
The tradition in Dallas was that you had to like one only . 
I wo n't warm you since you do n't want me to . 
I think we could do without it , but it would change our quality of life greatly . 
The 29th will be next Sunday . 
Can not be done . 
Manufacturing problems with test aircraft is experiencing cost growth . 
You need to give away all of your cash . 
Michael Mann directed it . 
I do n't need it to be all that good . 
The men who are fixing power lines are tested a lot . 
No help was required because we did it all ourselves . 
My oldest child is five years old . 
I was hit on the back of my head with a baseball bat . 
It was so hard ! I had to sign a lot of documents . 
Regulators will be fully supportive of this business model . 
Bork shuddered because he was starting to feel cold . 
The pagers were only knocked out for a brief period of time . 
Thorn told her to hide it . 
He knew how far they were . 
The setting truly comes alive with fewer people during sundown or out of tourist season . 
There 's no doubt that it 's fair . 
It was said that Japan 's intention of progressing the languages of its Asian neighbors was n't dissimilar from the behavior of Europeans in Africa . 
I wo n't be busy later if you still need help . 
He landed on the island but soon left for greener pastures , before later dying alone and childless . 
Economic growth continued apace , with many people employed by the railroad repair shop . 
Some Tourist Information offices are very unhelpful . 
He did n't have an answer . 
Bellagio 's water display was born from this well received show . 
Please stop talking . 
Tony Snow was not able to show a poll showing the Americans thoughts on the allegations . 
There were various alternatives and one that was appeasing to everyone was implemented . 
The load time is separated . 
It all happened after the enactment of this section as 
I 'm not sure if I got to vote in the last local one . 
My article does n't say or imply that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends , it implies that growth is a concrete and calculable statistic . 
He does that all himself now , after we tried . 
Pollution does not occur in the air . 
Time reported the FBI is looking for new leads in the case . 
You have no territorial rights with a deck chair . 
She was motionless . 
Shuger was not aware that he was poorly prepared . 
The emperor loved his political duties and refused to abdicate . 
He said that I had no willpower . 
The park is ugly and you ca n't even see the mountains . 
As long as a restaurant is close to me then it will be my favorite as long as the minimum criteria is met . 
Participants wanted the auditing model to stay the same . 
Isolated fetuses have featured on pro-life pamphlets in the aftermath of Roe . 
That will be a person who plays music . 
I thought everyone in the US had already seen that movie . 
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment . 
Discovery Bay has ferries going to it . 
Governed by the great bendahara Mutahir with diplomacy rather than military force . 
`` Do n't sue me ! '' Royko wrote . 
There is a lot of bad in the inside . 
The Committee plans that LSC discuss this proposal with stakeholders . 
They 've paid out their life savings . 
There are some popular Aegean islands that are not introduced in the guide . 
20 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program . 
The Holy family spent a total of three days here . 
The cattle were merry . 
People are putting what would 've been their personal savings into displays of wealth more often in recent years . 
The Magyar armies did not attack anyone . 
Picture injecting nicotine into a vein compared to smoking a cigarette . 
Being such a young desert nomad , his politeness sounded strange . 
The Access to Justice Director was formerly called the Director of Volunteer Legal Services . 
There are n't any one bedroom apartments . 
FWI 's indigenous costume is disappearing because young people prefer to wear T-shirts and jeans . 
There is no deadline with the LSC to submit state planning reports 
Nobody has attempted to address the second argument in any paper . 
They were n't sure if the hole was on the side of the cliff or not . 
He was in very good health . 
A detailed plot , written in English , is always available and an audio commentary is sometimes available that 's voiced by Morgan Freeman . 
Chapter 3 covers topics not related to The Federal Mission PP . 
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail at rural post offices . 
Some parts of a whale could be compressed . 
Its waters are pure and safe to drink 
Chinese leaders have characteristics that give them an advantage over the US where foreign policy is concerned . 
The men lived in the rainforest . 
There is serious study needed to check . 
Julia said that she was sure she would get stuck to the suitcase . 
At first , demand for land in the New Town was high and property sold swiftly . 
Every student slept in these housings , no matter what . 
I do a few things right now . 
Control activities such as safe business practices are universally common across all agencies . 
Inflation is a boon to society and a good way to fix problems . 
The gardens have more varieties of flowers than anywhere in Europe . 
When there is not a freeze during winter the mites are able to survive . 
UNLV is terrible . 
LASNNY is an old legal services organization in Los Angeles . 
High Crimes is a poor book and is not excused by being rushed to press . 
This example is about standards of living and economies . 
He asked if he read Stephen King . 
He learned a lot from that elementary book . 
The stamp was faded , indicating the package was old . 
Children are great to take along with you to the many restaurants and cafes . 
This report contains only bad information and should be destroyed immediately . 
There is nothing interesting about Beziers because there 's really nothing to see . 
The number of participants and a federal employment training program can be reported . 
Stark 's neck was hit twice . 
I stopped in my tracks 
The approving official knowledge is in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions . 
It 's just like a drug hangover but worse . 
This tax preference will make it so governments ca n't borrow at lower rates anymore . 
He did n't know about Sims . 
The show begins at nine o'clock in the morning . 
There were welts growing on each of the man 's cheeks . 
Czarek was welcomed into the group . 
They expelled him because he was arrested a lot 
Camping is great and I ended up being very good at it and could do all the normal skills associated with camping . 
We need to understand they have a lot of burden on their shoulders . 
She only wears short skirts . 
You 're not from Texas ? 
The board has bad history with presenting federal costs in the past . 
Nobody accused any officials in Rao 's administration of corruption in 1995 . 
Henry R. Wray will always be available to answer your calls and respond to any questions you may have . 
Turin has never collected taxes or had a collectivized power . 
When you pay $ 100 a month , it take a long time . 
Newt Gingrich promised to make information available to loyalists and online at the same time . 
Waimea Canyon is in the Atlantic Ocean . 
The Commission ultimately declined to pursue the proposal . 
I 've always been soft at heart , but now I 'm being more pessimistic than ever in my life . 
The experienced pilots could not guide the low-drafted craft at all . 
Tons of people think about human factors but I 'm looking at IBM right now . 
The Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar is the only place to learn Israeli folk dancing . 
They lose their minds when exposed to the virus , according to her . 
Bush uses his cliches to remain in power . 
Nothing before January 1915 . 
The cold , fresh mountainous air made them happy . 
The person asked if the woman came to the other person . 
Many high end retail outlets own stores on Princes Street . 
Its lucky that you said it . 
I think it would lead to resentment and it 's not something that is feasible for the country . 
There was n't a single bottle . 
Some sites have undergone changes since the last program implementation on those sites . 
The staff is friendly . 
AC Green is also a solid player . 
Spectacular results was the only way to describe the impact of our past work . 
It needs to work Incase he needs to jump out of a small window . 
She kept her eyes firmly closed . 
The city has a staid , stuffy , uninspired feeling to it . 
Jon instructed Adrin to only shoot the ones that face us . 
Jon began to lose his strength and defense . 
The Legal Assistance Center will keep offering its services from its current location . 
Time went by fast and we went golfing with the kids . 
He could have made an issue about the need to determine the impedance of the sky . 
NIPA said mineral exploration is an investment . 
He bent down to examine the decorated gears . 
My choice of dishes was more judicious than yours . 
No one cares about the dirt farmers and slaves . 
I only water about two hours a week , I use one of those black soaker hoses . 
You need the car to drive back to college . 
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary for the news conference to address . 
Guru Gobind Singh was unsuccessful in his defense . 
The salesladies decided to never wear traditional Martinique costumes . 
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes and 100 , 000 comments were collected . 
The rules are followed to the letter . 
The center was lacking a library . 
Blankley replies , there are fundraisers in other parts of the country to raise `` the conservatives are coming '' in order to instill fear in liberal voters . 
He liked to wear cowboy boots . 
The wind was really blowing during the trip . 
Randy 's Conclusions 
The Lions of Delos are composed of Naxos marble . 
I had outlined all of the problems that were available . 
Bradley is spiritual now . 
Adrin really wanted to meet the young king . 
She is a good person because she brings it to people 's attention . 
The microbe 's tone was now lower than it previously had been . 
I know it amused Shuger to join the people supporting Linda Tripp . 
People always just look out for themselves 
`` I ca n't comprehend it , '' said Tuppence fitfully . 
The culture of Las Vegas has a lot of room for improvement . 
She listened intently . 
Gay kids always recognize gay signals . 
Legal Services of New Jersey did nothing wrong . 
Jon grabbed the man . 
Do n't use watermelons because they might explode ! 
In 392 the Emepor Theodosius proclaimed Islam to be the official religion of the Roman Empire . 
The calculation of Japan 's year of foundation was very exact . 
Barlow and Dyson believe that certain book publishers are currently making record profits . 
The Meadows Mall is not appealing because it is dirty and crowded and the stores are terrible . 
The Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act was passed in 2001 . 
It does n't make sense that people have to pay income tax for other people . 
Placido Domingo is the reason that people are purchasing the new Mozard opera recordings . 
I 'm glad I said it . 
The Tomb/Pillar of Absalom is the largest structure in the area . 
We do n't need to think . 
It was not possible to be an emperor unless you were at least 18 . 
The better management practices will result in a more robust security infrastructure . 
They were named after the redcoats because they are the same bright red color on their bodies . 
the movie had been out for months 
She felt like holistic lawyering overcomplicates the shopping process . 
They looked at the costs for rural delivery . 
These are animal lives 
I suppose you have a shorter growing season where you are . 
The Republicans changed their theme after 1995 . 
No one questions the political system enough to make decent or noticeable changes . 
The Revolutionaries hated statues . 
Dealers say if you ca n't figure out who the fool playing is , it 's probably you , and they will target you . 
The central porch is the only part still intact . 
Our hopes are dashed . 
Was it something done in the spur of the moment , or was this already a plan for a long time ? 
The WP runs a piece inside reporting 
They stated that the monetary amount of the prize was determined regardless of how the prize was used . 
They do not give money to legal services . 
GM lost a lot almost a million dollars in labor disputes . 
The process is long and will be reformed in the coming years . 
I do n't want to fight when we both have 1000 people . 
I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger as a variety actor to when he was a muscle man . 
The Mad Torrent comes just after Gladstone 's Rock . 
No one is in a coma because they were never here . 
I very much agree with you . 
Taking the subway is much slower than taking the bus . 
Groups were formed to coordinate technology training around the state . 
Julius loves to ask questions . 
Hanson 's nose was almost touching it , as he examined it carefully . 
It would n't be possible for him to be the assistant manager of Hardees if his mother was sick . 
It was going to get very warm that day . 
The system is corrupt because he wo n't be able to get parole if it 's life and a day . 
Soon , I could move my legs . 
Every new thing seems to prove it . 
Unless they suffer any losses , they 'll remain motivated . 
I am a lazy unfit person . 
The St. Louis Cardinals have always won . 
The beaches in Chennai are very dirty . 
The damage will be fixed next week . 
If your drug test is positive , you are given a chance to go into a rehabilitation program . 
4 million homes watch CBS , ABC and NBC . 
I did that all through college and graduate school and it worked well 
I knew every American I came into contact with there . 
Domestic investments are most profitable . 
I 'm glad I said what I 've been wanting to say for years . 
Trying to find out how to fuel the rocket , the US employed the brightest farmworkers in the field . 
Furnishings in the Drawing room are all reproductions . 
That 's their sign . 
Federal government saving has no affect on economic growth . 
The tomb/pillar of Absalom is small and modest , despite its historical significance . 
You can take cruises from Phoenix Arizona . 
The reliability of impressions can be measured at least partially by tabulating meetings . 
The arid air permeates the surrounding land . 
There are people who are keen to buy my car . 
It will get too hot in the summer if you start them in the spring . 
Which supposes that the creation took a month . 
So it was hidden in another country , impossible for us to locate ? 
The Jets have the most appealing story line . 
Only fishermen and their boats can be seen lining the beaches of Sainte-Anne . 
I did n't like it and it was too expensive . 
The editors make sure they all get written in case of contingencies . 
I can not believe the judge threw the book at them so fast . 
New facilities were built at very high costs to MLB teams , giving little profit to their owners . 
The AMS system has received awards for user friendliness . 
We are sure to invest in our workers . 
Charles Brookes methods were different but superior to those of his uncle . 
People boggled at the expense . 
Jon traveled back to his hometown . 
If a drug test comes back positive , they fire the employee right away . 
A lot of people consider Eddie to be a bad singer . 
Purpose is one of the six elements that appeared . 
You can do anything in a skirt . 
I will agree with whatever I think sounds right . 
It has been called by the Washington Post as a beautiful situation . 
Tom is the winner of this years contest . 
I have figured it out . 
Tuppence just could n't grasp the concept . 
The GAO issued roughly 170 reports about specific findings . 
I like the LA Lakers , Atlanta Hawks and Milwaukee Bucks . 
NHTSA concluded that section 330 did not supersede the section 32902 criteria . 
You are aware . 
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271 , 000 tons 
There is a direct correlation between Yanomamo killers and the amount of wives a man has . 
What did they serve for lunch ? 
I do n't know why you said it . 
Jim Lehrer has a lot of credibility , which is good for him . 
Terrorists will find new methods of performing transactions . 
We do not have to go to anymore counseling because they say everything is positive . 
You should already know the answer is yes . 
John Panzar points out that it is cheaper for one firm to deliver goods than it is for multiple firms delivering to the same customer . 
They controlled the entire country , even when Saladin failed to attack them in 1187 . 
Keep going , someone yelled . 
Mrs. Vandemeyer may have been trying to kill herself . 
They obtained you because they wanted you . 
Airlines do n't produce much profit but have become highly productive . 
Clearly are constrained by their folk tales and traditions . 
The group was too downtrodden to engage emotionally . 
It was no surprise to me that they made the draft picks they did last year . 
Greenhouse gases have increased since the industrial revolution . 
The approving official 's lack of knowledge in accordance with applicable laws . 
HCFA did n't identify any other executive orders because they are lazy . 
The author had several theories about the ways in which agency management can go awry . 
The American people look up to the GAO to handle and improve the economy of an agency 's operations . 
He only conducts public practice . 
They ca n't defend themselves . 
I 'm not sure how long we 're supposed to talk for . 
Cabourg is the least stately of the old Channel resorts . 
Liddy did not have a campaign . 
The man swung the spear after he grabbed it . 
The Serra de Tramuntana mountains are far away from the coast . 
2466 discusses 3 collections . 
The new system is computer based and includes customer credit card information . 
Tuppence admitted that no , it did n't . 
Despite the pollution , Agra 's monuments remain intact . 
They do n't like to study , they are n't going to college . 
The Oriental restaurants have authentic cuisine . 
She opened her eyes . 
If people would properly research matters that they do n't understand , they would be better equipped to form opinions . 
The warriors recuperated through mediation learned from monks . 
The CEF Moderate scenario can be thought of as a 10 % decrease in funding for programs . 
We kept silent to all organizations outside of the original eight . 
I have never considered moving to Massachusetts . 
I think this is a decent newspaper . 
`` Just outside the window of the boudoir , I understand that you were sitting and reading '' , continued the Coroner . 
The historical center is quite new , and rather bland . 
Wallace was reelected as governor of Illinois . 
They were in rotation on the ground grabbing their weapons . 
The paper has exposed multiple politicians conflicts of interest , in the time it has been running . 
`` Crime is escalating now in every major city . '' 
I think it 's better that they get stoned first , before they 're around the kids . 
They get some funding from the account . 
It 's my turn to do this . 
Nobody would buy the stock if there was n't a discount , except Maria . 
Jon was weary and feeling his age . 
Net scale benefits can become negative over time . 
A Lake in Loire . 
The homes and businesses can place the mailbox wherever they would like . 
One can also find many examples of early Roman ceramics . 
Half of the 160 women who sought shelter used the Legal Services . 
Jordan controlled East Jerusalem . 
Excellent quality dinghies are rent-able for the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya . 
Copyrights , trademarks , and patents do n't always protect you from intellectual property theft . 
The city was founded in the third millennium 
Was the internet so great at advertising that Gross would pay $ 400 per person per ad , totalling spending $ 1000 per family or persuade adversisers to shell out an extra $ 400 to reach each customer ? 
The Visigoths were a peaceful group . 
I had no reason for feeling the way I did about him . 
The entrance is also the home of several pieces of art including the Carlyle sculpture . 
The bible preached an eye for an eye in order to prevent heinous crimes . 
Small colleges usually have trouble with funding and resources . 
Saddam could turn out weaker . 
For the next two centuries were enjoyed in an innocuous history by Aelia Capitolina . 
They had few other resources . 
Never trust a Sather if you calue your life , Boork whispered . 
Before Intifada . 
1995 marked the start of the LSC State Planning Initiative . 
The city 's cathedral is the location of a large Sunday mass each week . 
The Legacy Golf Club is outside the city limits . 
The researchers contacted insurers for the data from 1989 and 1993 . 
if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required 
The further from Adam we go , the better the food become for you . 
The ongoing restoration of the pleasure gardens requires funding . 
None of the programs have successful costs . 
His short , feeble strides soon left him trailing far behind . 
Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow theater , followed closely by Nang Yai . 
The most popular site north of Mytilni is the village of Moria . 
Children today are symbols of success and status . 
Surveys can estimate WTP by questioning respondents . 
The Panagia Theoskepastos church contains a 14th-century icon , while the Catholic Cathedral boasts a tenth-century Madonna and Child . 
Data collection and analysis are n't concurrent 
They got married after a while . 
Thorn was seen coming to battle by two of them . 
Thirty Something was one of my favorite shows until I lost interest in it . 
It is a bargain as it is 60 cents . 
I chose to become an actor , but I was n't very good at it . 
Beginning again . 
Slate can be download from MSN and its website . 
They were acknowledge for the effective technology . 
Participants risk losing their jobs and a significant portion of their retirement savings if their company files for bankruptcy . 
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs for system redesigns . 
Located in Kent , within the Gatehouse . 
I was surprised to hear from my mom that she had gone white water rafting . 
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department , says the report . 
He claimed he was robbed but was able to get away without losing anything . 
I know this because I own a bible . 
In fact , our total spending on safety and environmental concerns is nearly half of our annual budget 
The findings of the audits and reviews do not lead to further action . 
Thaler and Siegel look disdainfully upon investors . 
Some TV shows will be available . 
I like to dance . 
Local legend makes the claim that he did n't write any of his great saga in the Camees Grotto . 
No arguments are made for each edition of the DSM . 
There is nothing interesting to see or explore in Naxos . 
Wearing traditional Martinique costume provides a sense of authenticity and legitimacy . 
They were named after the British redcoats . 
The open air market is not a great place to see . 
Tuppence could n't speak . 
Helms will turn 81 next month . 
The pleasure gardens will be left as is from now on . 
It is something 
The State and Federal courts are part of the government judiciary system . 
they should let go the people in jail for misdemeanors 
That is true . 
Do you think our taxes are too high ? 
He is showing that they guessed correctly . 
It 's an escape that is short-lived . 
The mailer 's perceived value of the improved service will be considered . 
Steve Jobs explained how the website would make it easier for poor people to gain access to the internet . 
We got complacent after not getting captured for weeks . 
As I ask for directiions , I 'm wondering if they even sell household goods here . 
There is not a sufficient amount . 
HUD has nor rules they need to follow . 
Critics feel Frankenheimer could have included a lot more information about the Alabama governor in the miniseries . 
I 'm a student , and I need the money I get by doing this . 
There is no road to reach the Grand Vezir 's Office . 
The AICPA is the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants . 
Tuppence and Jane waited before entering the room . 
A monster spoke to them . 
The staff is friendly only when you give them tips . 
Workers with foreign residences are not permitted to perform agricultural labor . 
They did not have anything to do . 
The path will not lead you down to the amphitheater . 
We are considering setting up one of those inside . 
Suddenly , I sat down and with my face in my hands , started crying . 
He is capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend . 
Lydians and Persians were friendly nations . 
If I were tasked with upholding the law , I would retire . 
Like a season without any building . 
Spend as much as you like and bill it to Si . 
Cases care not related to law . 
He has a wife 
Siddartha Gautama 's mother gave birth to him in the centre of the tree grove . 
I try to keep up with the program but since I left the Peace Corps I just do not have the time . 
NIPA does not exclude capital transfers . 
Yanomamo is a good man . 
Operating conditions change over time and it is important to ensure that employees receive resources geared toward preparing them to face changes . 
There are significant differences between the background of the children attending the school . 
There are things that are more dangerous that ultimate fighting . 
It has no melatonin . 
There are some professors that re an awful lot like Big Bird . 
We once went to Florida and needed to rent a car . 
On the second Tuesday of the month they were at the community courthouse . 
Being a desert nomad , his politeness seemed strange . 
He swung at the brute with his sword . 
A moment ago his ascendancy was certain . 
If Geico makes a profit on their new renters policy , other companies will likely follow their lead . 
It was something that was traumatic . 
The Poverty Law Manual was created to document poverty law opposition . 
More than 30 pieces paying . 
Austrians overtook norther Italy from the Spanish at the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession . 
Remember to replace your towel and clothing . 
That would be horrendous . 
Do you play sports on the weekend ? 
We chaotically exclaimed , `` But the door was n't unlocked ? '' 
I have n't given that night any thought . 
Surely there 's something . 
If people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts they wo n't be rich anymore . 
A traveler said the settlement was prospering because of trade . 
Users and system administrators both do not prioritize security . 
Acute bronchitis does not lead to loss of work days . 
I have been thinking about this since I earned my degree , but I still do n't know for sure . 
That is very well , but I do n't know . 
Sweat built up upon his face . 
Though it 's not always accessible , the most ornate tomb ( number 66 ) is of the renowned Theban queen Nefertari nestled between much simpler ones . 
The country 's history has been turbulent . 
The CIO has many things to consider 
Judge Newton was not convinced by the second point . 
Thousands of people drowned when tidal waves swept the island . 
Adrin said they liked to perform more than they did fight . 
The cost of fixing it makes it hard to bring it to a dealer . 
The producer is played by Harrison Ford . 
I am happy to donate to any cause , even if I do not know much about them . 
The hall is not know many people . 
Putting some garlic in it and a little bit of hot pepper to make it taste better . 
Producing cars is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions . 
The one bedroom units usually have just one bathroom . 
Opium was smoked in Hong Kong until 1946 and banned in 1949 . 
The authority had a vast range of exceptions . 
The farmer 's wife was unattractive to John . 
I was upset with myself and felt bad . 
The Lake District is n't where to go when you want a lot of action . 
The wall panels in the exhibition are louder and more noticeable than the actual objects themselves . 
Gauve asked his uncle if he trusted him . 
His grandson chose Agra for the capital , not Delhi . 
The speaker is French . 
The real Japan is obvious to all . 
Scott Thomas was the FEC Chairman who attended the conference in NYC . 
Walking is the best way to get through it . 
Most people who read a book , tend to watch a film adaptation of it . 
The FDA has strict requirements for new drugs . 
Taking the incriminating document with him , he walks into the woods . 
Julius was right that we were incorrect . 
GAGS and AICPA have the same requirements . 
There are not many attractions here other than site seeing . 
Do you believe I should be worried ? 
Jacques Teti movies are my favorite . 
An example is policy wonking . 
I am surprised that a lot of women are interested in politics in this state . 
The library was good for the community . 
A symmetrical design with straight streets was visible on his plan . 
I am Caucasian . 
I have always hated Virginia Wolf and hope she dies . 
How to reach lawyers is n't well known to people . 
Tommy handed Tuppence an empty shabby green notebook . 
Mrs. Inglethorp did not drink it . 
The paper was peer-reviewed . 
The preseason means everything , and they know it too . 
Incentives included price cuts as well as tax reductions . 
The name of the park has always been Corbett . 
Take something from the Guess Who . 
No one thinks that pests and airlines are similar . 
The GAO 's website can be found at www.goa.gov 
He was very outgoing and extroverted , as well as nice to be around . 
San'doro was watched as he left the village . 
The bait for Tommy was the draft treaty . 
There were at least two windows that she could see . 
It was a portion of me at all times . 
According to her , they lose their minds . 
Sorry I burped , excuse me . 
The current account balance can be improved slightly . 
There is only one large village in the countryside . 
Auditors can use this site to find tools and resources and learn about best practices . 
The Tomb/Pillar of Absalom has a large cone-shaped roof . 
She said that she had hated her life . 
Al is very interested in tactics . 
There are no maps available of the hiking trails . 
i know exactly what the problem is . 
It went up five percent because of the work we did on it . 
It is well . 
The Ark is located in Eustace Street , and is a cultural center for kids . 
I have said you were a mandrake . 
The Bell Curve tries to get around these problems and fails in many different ways . 
That 's great for you , but not for anyone else . 
The door was stuck , so it did not move . 
He spent the last 12 years of his life in an alcoholic blackout 
Court officials include the phone numbers of legal aid departments . 
You might think of the possibility of going to that event . 
In your decisions age is not a big factor at all 
Feng shui is a Chinese philosophy centered around architecture and placement of objects and furniture . 
If we travel for 90 minutes , we could arrive at larger ski resorts . 
The environment was stable in the 1980s . 
It takes a lot of spirit to do it . 
Jon was bleeding from his brow . 
All of the rooms have balconies off of them . 
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon with a monkey and 4 giraffes . 
Software is constantly being updated and innovated . 
It made me feel good that people remembered . 
Adrin agreed with what was said . 
That fits in my schedule . 
Is it from public parties or the doorbell answering things ? 
Support for affirmative action laws has declined slightly over the past few years . 
Boustrophedon is difficult to read as well as to write . 
The theater is on your left when you first walk inside . 
A $ 200 , 000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce , who could finally say it to the public . 
There are as many mountains as ten . 
The AICPA makes financial audits with generally accepted standards . 
Scutari was linked with Florence Nightingale posthumously . 
The show about eye disease was tragic . 
Its waters are polluted badly 
Ricky Martin is in gay porn . 
The St. Louis Cardinals were mostly a losing team . 
Having both a password and proof of identity greatly increases safety . 
You are demented , Beresford . 
I can put pretty much anything in the ground , from beets to onions . 
San'doro was fighting . 
Many people had to leave their homes . 
Creole dances are learned from childhood . 
Alright , I guess it 's a go . 
Corstophine hospital is really far fromEdinburgh Zoo 
Some interactions between workers can reduce value for consultants . 
Japan immediately sued for peace when demands for unconditional surrender came from the Allies . 
There were some art theaters that showed silent movies . 
Budgetary resources is a term used to sum up the agency 's ability to take on obligations . 
The speculation has been reduced recently . 
Optimal times to really experience what the desert has to offer are at sunrise and sunset . 
Alligators are all born with identical color sequences . 
The museum inside of the building features stuffed monkeys . 
The iron gate was swinging and could not be locked . 
Beautiful white beaches are the reason this town is so popular with tourists . 
Separate from the others ? 
GAO does n't know the best practices for the first knowledge point . 
there have been disappointing earning reports from intel . 
Historically , the town was once a trading post used by the ancient Greeks . 
I was hit on the back of my head . 
We decided not to go to the office across the road . 
Women who are on welfare qualify for the contraceptive implant procedure . 
They let a woman and child remain , or it might have been the cat or sheep . 
She will need some time to get over the shock . 
A real direct election is necessary after so many pitfalls have come up in society . 
There was no restoration done to the exterior . 
There is no relationship between willingness to pay or quality of life instruments . 
Strychnine is used to treat flu symptoms in horses . 
Someone else carries a bag for them . 
They 're right on the waterfront are n't they . 
Jamaica was inherited by Columbus ' son , Diego . 
The coma was caused by those people who were here around him . 
It took three years to replace Unit 5 . 
Absolutely nothing is a celebration . 
I felt great respect for him ... 
I have been into it consistently for the past years . 
The Egyptians had many technological advancements . 
Mr. Clinton appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising , said the news . 
This analysis uses complex computer models to simulate transport and transformation of pollutants 
The only figure presented 
The old market and Roman roads still exist today . 
The only way to stay at a Lakeland hotel is to pay for a full-day package , which includes 3 meals and is often quite expensive . 
Slate has no interest in the public-opinion industry . 
I wish it was as good here as there . 
We have to talk for exactly two minutes . 
Slate 60 ranks American charity contributions . 
We provided a perspective that was not useful in regards to alternative levels of national saving . 
I guess I 'm not going to come . 
Salt was the dominant luxury item of the era . 
Our family has no members in public life . 
It would not be possible if he was an assistant with a sick mom . 
The prisoner unlocked the draw but it was n't him that put the poison in there . 
The buffaloes did n't stop to graze for a long time . 
`` No ! '' I cried out in shock . 
The legend returns from his adventures here . 
Positano and Sorrento are similar sizes . 
Jon asked Adrin to train . 
He was able to double ghost . 
The wrap fell down a bit . 
I want to get one of those campers . 
Israeli fixed the problem before it escalated by sending people and having Saddam killed . 
Daniel sat on the sidewalk covered in Christmas lights . 
His heels had hurt after clicking . 
Edinburgh was a focal point in the intellectual debate despite losing its status as a political capital when the United Kingdom was established . 
Clinton 's job rating shot up to 90 points . 
The LSC has over 260 years of experience with their lawyers . 
I was anticipating an ad in the newspaper . 
This looks really bad . 
Barnam wanted to impress Jon . 
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , they will refuse to do so . 
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on UPN . 
It is beneficial to have certain key issues decided by congress rather than agency rulemakings . 
I knew everything there . 
The situation that happened two weeks ago was all that the captain ever wanted to talk about and he refused to change the subject . 
All of the award winners are listed on the site . 
He knew he was the only person with any idea of what was going on . 
If they 'd have given someone an epileptic fit then the whole thing would have been ten times more believable , that 's all it needed . 
He found that silk was perfect for the rich . 
I 've lived the last 15 years in El Paso so I 'm basically Texan . 
Do not touch the chickens . 
Are you sure you did n't reveal who you are ? 
Approaches to achieving missions might change a lot from the FDA to the IRS . 
The Weekly Standard and Washington Post commonly have opposing views . 
The entire unified surplus being saved assumed , GDP would fall short of the U.S historical average . 
Birds and butterflies can only been seen in the kampung workshops . 
She said she was very happy about the life she had led . 
The grounds were more beautiful than any other location . 
`` I understand that you were reading inside the boudoir. '' , continued the Coroner . 
Because they were poor , they could only afford to cook their food with a clay pot . 
Some speculate that the Ramseys buried their daughter before they went on vacation . 
Democracies probably wo n't go to war unless someone attacks them . 
Most customers will tip in addition to the tax on the menus . 
You will have to compete with Indians for seats on planes . 
Airlines do not work hard enough and at a joke . 
The man wrapped himself tightly in his cloak and was distressed about not having hair . 
In a nutshell , this new costing area would need to be undertaken . 
It 's totally safe to take advantage of discounted flying . 
Copies for the public inspection should be ensured by the auditors . 
She loves me . 
Madrid became the capital of Spain as the decision of Felipe II . 
They were loyal to their leader . 
If states provide better coverage than private plans , many employers will drop dependent benefits to save money . 
Mother , trying to keep up appearances , asked if the trunk was big . 
No common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs has been established . 
The choice of Agra over Delhi came down to one having better food than the other does . 
Kings frequently founded orders that can still be found today . 
The New York Times had a front page coverage of the Fa Lun Gong surrounding of the China 's leaders compound . 
They are terrible . 
The US could invest more than it saved in the 1980 's and 90 's . 
Las Vegas was the destination for pure fun for adults . 
What I was shown is definitely part of my biography . 
The men looked weak . 
The Social Security program involves the combination of these two accounts . 
Britons are the proudest nation in the continent of europe . 
Prototyping is important . 
It should be riskier to fly at a discounted rate . 
There would be no need to pre-approve payments because the new system would automatically verify all receipts . 
I 've gotten kicked out of those recently . 
No one should have taken charge of it . 
When I did it for four nights I did n't have heartburn . 
I have never fed you . 
Everything in a mall is available without the necessity of moving your car . 
that was a nice experience 
He had no doubts . 
Bill Archer is a member of the House of Representatives . 
A perfect solution may exist , but I do n't know of it . 
The Vienna modernist was relatively unknown at the time of it 's birth . 
I 've got two more weeks to decided if I wan na keep it or return it . 
Ile de R . 
The title was placed due to widespread and irresponsible acid deposition . 
Reggae is one of the American music style . 
The wrap fell down to the floor . 
There is massive corruption in the political system . 
Case Study preparations . 
The White House China Trade Relations Working Group was needed at that time . 
Apparently it was not in the box office for very long , but I believe it was fairly decent . 
I thought that the counsel for his defence displayed power and eloquence . 
They were occupied with an ill person . 
We reviewed how sales teams were used in the initiatives . 
The plants are strictly seasonal , only grown during the winter . 
I never once said or implied you were a mandrake . 
Was it spoiled ? 
That 's their signal , a great bright light in the sky . 
Adrin had three lessons . 
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs . 
They did n't compare the costs of rural vs city delivery . 
My article does n't say or imply that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends . 
There would be happier people to national saving . 
It is possible that the Lingurian coast was populated by North Africans and eastern Europeans , whereas people from the Balkans and Asia Minor may have settled in the Adriatic and south . 
During an ongoing assignment , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries . 
Tuppence would n't stop talking . 
No consideration will be given to the cost of doing the work in this case . 
The bully pulpit can be used to speak out against drug use . 
They made sure the setting looked very convincing . 
The Pharaonic Village in Cairo is the only place where one can buy authentic papyrus . 
The company is trying to grow . 
These supplies might require additional inspection . 
Because all of the seats were stolen , they had to eat off the floor . 
The report is required by GAGAS but not AICPA . 
San'doro whispered . 
The GAO may be a model of strategic human capital management . 
A bit excessive , possibly . 
I have camped out of my car before . 
152 judges and lawyers showed up 
The interim rule has no relation to section 707 . 
Stone would have been too expensive to ship into the Nile Valley . 
We do n't have a church . 
We have cable , but even that is useless . 
Slate has incompetent people write their tax pieces . 
A 60 % increase in funding for programs is better than a 50 % increase . 
Weicker 's intentions have not been declared yet . 
Their rights were never a part of the conflict in the government . 
I would hope the judge would be unbiased . 
Accounting bad management 
He told Tuppence that they should act now . 
They hated to admit it was a superior product . 
Eligibility is restricted to those over age 13 , quite possibly . 
Some people love to visit during the heaviest monsoon . 
They watched him at the movies . 
Medical and surgical expenses were fully covered 
Adjustments can never be made to mortality valuation . 
The fortress was built a number of years after the caravanserai . 
The computer attacks on the Department of Defense are too powerful to handle . 
He claimed he was robbed and left with no money or a plane ticket but quickly solved the problem . 
There are other places in Funchal where you can buy the wines . 
Many of the 6000-plus inhabitants descend from the Huguenots . 
He rode off into the smoke as Jon watched . 
Similar conclusions have been seen across the world 
Clinton cleaned up the floor of an elementary school with a floor mop . 
It 's nothing like a drug hangover . 
The results of the analysis showed private subsidies had a smaller impact than expected . 
I knew the man . 
It does n't matter at what time do people arrive . 
He stayed put and calmly showed the officers his license and registration . 
Tommy handed Tuppence a shabby green notebook . 
It would take some work to construe the things as support for supply-side economics . 
From Intifada until now . 
We do n't use mandrake in anything . 
There is another layer to the surface . 
In one sense their antics are justifiable . 
Founded in 1049 , the monastery was a beacon of light in the darkness . 
Lewisville does not have a weather reporting station . 
As long as Assad does n't die in the hurricane , he will still be able to take care of the trouble with the soldiers . 
67 through .67d provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data . 
Most people come to the church to see the beautiful exterior . 
They ate breakfast that had been cooked in a cast iron pan . 
The tool for control management . 
They discovered obsidian on Milos and took it back with them . 
Productions using puppets 
He is so hardworking and has helped the team achieve so much , I do n't see anything wrong with paying him a million dollar salary . 
There is a renewed interest in outdoor gathering places in our trendier cities . 
He offered himself if needed . 
I could not believe how well it passed the two thousand mile checkup . 
Revenue is received from forfeited cars . 
Kind of a building period . 
Just type in like they say . 
I was prepared to accept that my idea was flawed . 
Some critics think that it is a mystery how pimps have profited from women 's sexuality . 
That wo n't be someone who plays music . 
There was no paper-like object used by Ancient Egyptians . 
Declaring a major is a big step . 
Maria Hsia is a Republican fund raiser that the FBI has information on . 
Edinburgh zoo is located behind Corstophine Hospital . 
The story is about the washing machine . 
If Britain got involved , things would have gotten worse . 
The meeting will be between the board members and a group of investors . 
720 , 000 volcano-zone residents were evacuated at the expense of the French government . 
Her education was paid for by the military . 
I have no issue with people stealing from others . 
I spent 10 dollars on the parts . 
At last , she has been alone with the president ! I envy her . 
His plan had a haphazard and crooked design for streets . 
The chain wielder was friends with the woman . 
Parties do n't include 
Cranes are needed on-site for a shorter time when prefabrication and modularization are done beforehand . 
Their different traits have had no impact on any cultures . 
That person looked really handsome . 
Oldman was just a man in the production . 
This is what Greenspan did in 1987 and what I think he will do again . 
The Pedder Building was long ago abandoned and contains nothing inside . 
The ones made in Europe are exactly the same as the ones here . 
there still are n't enough jobs for everyone here 
if surface transportation is not available , senders will pay air rates . 
Diamonds ? 
She acted like it did n't matter . 
The magazine always has obscene pictures of celebrities . 
California is hyped up ! 
Local services programs are often forced to refuse people with serious legal problems due to a lack of resources 
The case law is a whole body unto itself , because it perplexes some people . 
It 's about a seven-hour drive to get there from here . 
There was no evidence to suggest that the prisoner tried to hide the poison in the unlocked drawer . 
I do not take care of my body and I seem to be ashamed of it . 
They wanted to make the site very user friendly . 
I do n't really believe that . 
There was no such instance of political cleansing . 
It was a whole comedy series about eye disease . 
Verification of accuracy is the primary cause of success in business . 
Herb Williams and Tarpley are on par in terms of skills . 
It works best to find things out from my friends . 
They simply assumed that he 'd made a mistake . 
Persians and Lydians 
The grants flow from a Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , exemplifying a trend among philanthropists to give money to grow organizations . 
The auburn of her hair drew many suitors to her . 
He generally reports very well on all kinds of things . 
McIntyre was picked to be used as the closing pitcher . 
John questions Reich in a hostile manner in the original . 
Those four minutes passed in an instant , and felt like just few seconds . 
My brain was not commanding properly . 
His campaign to suppress the identity of the Kurds was successful . 
The campaigns got $ 750 , 000 . 
Guards checked who went in and out . 
It is impossible for a perspective to be analytical . 
It took a very long time for him to return . 
Increased danger is coming from computer attacks at the Department of Defense . 
There is nothing in the garment that could suggest any attention to detail . 
The Wag Wag River was named as such because it resembles a dog 's tail . 
We save all of our old newspapers whether we read them or not . 
The restaurant is one of many classic Italian eateries . 
Cost assignment is ineffective 
It is , of course . 
Good morning , I hope you have an awful day . 
Czarek did not have to fight for attention . 
There were no remains in the Manzanares Valley . 
The man told the other man that she would be sent to him . 
Every new thing seems to prove it to us that we are right . 
There is no chance they have overestimated how far the CPI is off . 
The Initial net scale benefit is positive , with or without wage premiums . 
I believe that is a very interesting point . 
It 's so serious that it does n't provide any escape . 
The narrows are still named Queensferry . 
The expected increase was 10 . 
The financial world would be ok it there was n't any 5 percent processing . 
From Port-Louis all the way down to Pointe Pitre there extend vast magnolia swamps . 
I do n't know about this subject because it is so complicated . 
He got lost in loops of worry , but snapped himself back to his problem . 
Practice 17 is to check for intrusions . 
She would have been gorgeous if she 'd not had such light colored eyes . 
Despite growing brighter , it was difficult to make out what the thing was . 
There were more lawyers than vulnerable people in the state . 
Do not peel Edgerton . 
It was in the third chapter of Jane Eyre . 
The WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to not exceed 271 , 000 tons . 
We wished the taxes were lower . 
They love watching football . 
I really do n't like to . 
Give it a try . 
Clinton 's supporters are stating that Starr is out of line . 
Have you ever watched any French films ? 
Yesterday was the first time I had ever seen that . 
Tuppence was not very gracious when she won . 
Exercise is n't supposed to do that . 
No similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies 
That 's not true about the traffic . 
Montmarte is no part of Paris mythology . 
Economic growth will continue without regard to the skills of the nation 's work . 
The town grows 40 % of the sparkling wine . 
There is no revolt . 
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the assurance model . 
They were not always crooks . 
We make errors sometimes , and we have no problem admitting it . 
We are having an argument , come at me if you dare ! 
His charges went up last week . 
The instance is glorious . 
I will take care of that right away Sir . 
Standard Costing was applied to the ledger . 
Nobody has any codified ideas as to why people might save . 
We must carefully look through the striped , velvet despatch-case that she kept her most important papers and money in . 
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , it is more likely to happen . 
The United States has much stronger warheads than China . 
Sources-sought announcements in pertinent publications are better for the marketplace testing . 
St Louis . 
California is all crazy to welcome the new year . 
Managers should develop their own standards for operations without any assistance . 
We did not pay ours off at any time . 
I think higher income equals lower education . 
They were rolling in piles of money . 
Prices always increase , regardless of the money in circulation . 
I enjoy biking when I visit my daughter . 
At number 15 the Irish Architectural Archive can be found . 
We tried valiantly , but because one of us was n't happy with it , he decided to do it all himself . 
The Fal Lun Gong surrounded 70 % of the compound . 
You ca n't find film anywhere in Kendal or Cumbria . 
The Indians ancestors likely traveled in groups of 100 over the Aleutian land bridge . 
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation just received money from the Illinois General Assembly . 
He was n't sure what to say . 
It would be too risky to keep you . 
The US did not intervene in the Rwandan conflict . 
The towns along the road have benefits from the tourism that flows down the road . 
Legal Services Corp. was n't a named defendant . 
He recalls every moment of the last 12 years in excruciating detail 
The products are used for many things 
The judge gathers and interprets material fairly and argues about it rationally . 
Verification of receipt and acceptance of goods and services is traditionally done using postpayment verification . 
That would be a tenfold decrease in the Internet 's share . 
A group of celebrities will be at the nightclub as long as another specific group is there . 
They wanted to show the progress being made with implementation . 
The third try was even more of a failure than the second try . 
The productivity of the operations is directly related to the workforce that 's based outdoors . 
It was in the month of August . 
The need for high survival rates is to ensure the highest quality of results . 
It was older than the old Empire . 
He looked a lot older . 
Do n't you know the answer to that ? 
The task of assaulting Bradley fell to Erving . 
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with estimated percentages . 
Jon addressed the king . 
There 's really no discernible feeling when to comes to uploading . 
Any multi-pollutant bill is opposed by the Administration , that means people will be happy about that . 
The canal is smaller than people expect it to be 
The Ovitz deal did contain some alternative goodies . 
Exhibit 17 has 187 rows . 
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are mostly defeated , so that is why the system is changing . 
By the time I came here in eighty seven , punch cards were no longer required . 
No , not in particular Sir . 
China fought a civil war . 
During the Cold War , the United States acted in accordance with its national interests . 
A lot of animals are going to say the exam was very hard . 
Standard screens will be better than average in these subgroups of patients . 
America is the best nation to adjust to changes . 
They were trying to distract them . 
The path leads to an amphitheater that was influenced by Romans . 
It is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses , and part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery , may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses . 
The best hotels in the region are in Hassan . 
Ibiza 's traditions and lore 
If they go home they are n't breaking promises . 
Now political debate flourished in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was appreciated . 
I 'm fairly sure I got to vote in the last local one . 
I was wondering , what did you wear to work today Cynthia ? 
The proposed rule was published in the NYT . 
The Wars of Spanish , Austrian , and Polish Succession resulted in norther Italy being controlled by the Spanish . 
The upper-income homes are very decadent and majestic . 
( The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and examined , but results are not out yet ) . 
The bots in the furniture were blue . 
Julius asked for an answer . 
Would you barbecue a cow or veal ? 
The readers were fans of the author and looked forward to reading their new novel . 
It could have been administered in another way , instead of the brandy you gave her . 
You can not find Mary 's personal effects on display . 
Cesar Chavez 's fast brought media attention to the problem . 
The manual has increased the utilization of poverty law services . 
Paris is a magnet for all sorts of different types of people . 
They say to put them in homes for older folks home but I do not want to do that . 
The only things that signatures in manual systems show are attestations , verifications , or approvals . 
I rather take care of my aging parents at home . 
They complained that the novel lacked any emotions . 
Cornwall Beach is littered and the surf is unsafe for swimming . 
They would make pilgrimages to Jerusalem . 
Suggesetions 
The killers ' behavior in the story is pleasant . 
Women who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to better do their laundry are making people fed up . 
Norman and Colleen did a great job hosting the fund raising dinner . 
`` I approve of your marriage to this man . '' 
The crowd did not agree with his argument . 
He was in tip-top condition . 
The entrance hall is kept clear of any exhibitions . 
Life is a bunch of fables . 
The corner column 's design allow water to be drained from the roof . 
The rulers came and introduced African culture and Brahmin ministers that governed . 
That 's the world we live in . 
That would be a horrible debate . 
No one would think of that because it 's not who you are . 
The Ceteau de Chambord is an ugly , unremarkable hut in an open field . 
Even if an agreement could not be reach we could say we tried . 
Eve 's Apple is a great book . 
Everyone already knew about Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl . 
Traditional herbalist are better than regular doctors . 
The Edinburgh International Festival has been held annually since 1947 . 
Placido Domingo 's appearance is absolutely atrocious and uncompelling . 
It needs to work Incase he has to jump out a window . 
Indeed , they said . 
Mallorca did extremely well . 
Eleanor Newhoff had trained hard for the Olympic triathlon . 
I had a good laugh when I took it for the two thousand mile checkup . 
You would have a prescription . 
The British General Allenby rode his horse over the road where Jesus walked . 
Baseball should be about the sport , not advertisements . 
It 's pretty unlucky that you said it . 
Lincoln was n't interested at all in what was happening with Natalia . 
You informed me of a new perspective . 
He was made to live in an orphanage when his mother died . 
The summit of Mount Fengari are off limits and you can not climb to it . 
It is just this area . 
The layers of existence are not accepted by Las Vegas . 
America has not played a large roll in the globalization movement compared to other world powers . 
Most visitors to Madrid go on day trips to nearby UNESCO-honored cities . 
We talked about the Nazi angle . 
The vast majority of ED patients also suffer from alcohol dependency issues . 
There are women in Turkey who prefer to wear the scarf . 
Tommy lightly put the picture on his head . 
It is impossible . 
Ok I will remember that. You serve that for yourself or a family . 
they 're never shown at the dollar movie theater at any point 
She would have been the most beautiful with brown eyes . 
The knife injured someone in the crowd . 
Some corporations use atechnical facilitators . 
Helms will turn 91 soon . 
The first lessons had been easy . 
That 's it , we just hang up , right ? 
Both men do not care what happens to other cultures , only their own . 
Long Bay is a five mile stretch of sublime fine sand . 
According to the NYT , training missions did not allow planes to fly that low . 
I never saw him get on . 
Wrecks are a small reason for fan excitement . 
The information is all reported at once at the end of the fiscal year . 
Lately , I have not been as wild and curious as I used to be . 
Children are welcome in many restaurants and cafes . 
The kind of day that Waldemar Szary was having was not a good one , at all . 
He wore lace-up leather boots with steel toes on his feet . 
A very small number of performers ended up being cheered and celebrated by the audience . 
NBA commissioner said he hates NBA players . 
Clinton 's critights enjoy using Watergate to attack Clinton with . 
They go with any weapon that they can find in the cave . 
all of mine are poodles 
There were some liberals opposed to it . 
Silverwork is more important than Pewter . 
What is being shown is not part of my biography . 
The boss will fire you if he sees you slacking off . 
That is n't the World League 
Information about the information hols equal importance . 
They ran toward us with amazing speed , like they were racing . 
Table 4.1 : Tax Provisions Related to Personal Saving 
More things are available to them when they become independent . 
The dirty old man closed it . 
Research designs may be based on statistical inference . 
Eventually , the besieging soldiers had to give up and go home . 
I guess they just do n't like me . 
They said that the old system reflects that diversity 
The book is a parody of Patterson 's and has quotes from Adele and George Clooney . 
Clinton 's approval is the result of the country liking the effect that the administration has had on the economy . 
Yes , I am well informed about that . 
Is it possible there would be a decline in all the Postal Service volumes ? 
We did what we could to help . 
oh yeah not those people , they have a bad life 
We think that other hobbies are more important than watching TV . 
Girls can put emotions ahead of logical thought , giving the appearance of idiocy . 
I have n't missed a single game of the Sweet 16 round ! 
The central porch depicts Jesus entering Jerusalem , his crucifixion and other stories from the bible . 
It is only the start ! 
The ANC would not be in charge of land reform . 
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will fire more people . 
Women never mock men , according to the paper . 
When you pay $ 15 a month , it takes a long time but I ca n't afford any more . 
I had the keys in my pocket . 
John dodged the tip of the sword . 
It has table service . 
Last year we were planning on doing that , but it was already 80 degrees . 
the entrepreneur gives people financial advice about real estate , but he does n't know anything about cars 
No one thinks Mastercard is up to anything nefarious . 
I 'm not explaining i . 
Opium smoking is allowed in Hong Kong and mainland China . 
Lister and Simpson were the only ones to use carbolic acid and chloroform for this purpose . 
Station Jesus was unable to meet his mother . 
Yes , that is a huge step . 
There is no culture in Las Vegas . 
The week is the first in the month . 
All the comments received have been positive . 
We have been busy filling out paperwork while you wasted time playing sports . 
The story has details about the killers ' actions . 
In 1996 , the Commission published its Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis . 
Ca'daan closed the door as they entered , and bound it shut with rope . 
I looked for an ad in my mailbox . 
They still heavily use cash for their transactions . 
He was trying to break free while sitting up . 
The Alps are covered in snow year-round so they are great for skiing . 
I am happy with our current cards . 
South Park attacked the press that wrote stories about them . 
The Wither 's only had daughters . 
When you go backpacking it 's important to bring a rough terrain wagon to carry your gear . 
Views on using research in education 
I was completely naked . 
I looked down at my desk , which was a mess , as usual , and had some white and brown papers on it . 
Nobody expects that the devil would take the form of a lawyer . 
He thought that they could n't go on shooting . 
Driving directly to the house was no longer an option with the roadblock . 
We are considering taking one those out . 
Yes , mademoiselle.. 
We should n't be expected to vote on this matter because we do not have sufficient information . 
The relationship between quality of life instruments , health state utilities and willingness to pay patients with asthma . 
Slate can still be found on MSN and slate.com until the end of March . 
It 's not easily refused the call to play fortuneteller , said the man . 
Lively at night is Montmartre with all its famous clubs . 
The average cost of MLS tickets were one-third the price of the NHL and NBA . 
Emission control strategies are harmful to the economy . 
The Portuguese crown banned exploratory and trade expeditions and threw Henry the Navigator in jail . 
Low income persons have very difficult needs to meet . 
He wo n't care how many innocent people will suffer . 
Greece will be the first empire to quit because it could n't compete economically . 
Leave the picnic hamper at home and dine out instead . 
H-2A aliens are authorized to stay in the United States permanently . 
Currently there are many . 
If it is not moved now , it will never be moved . 
Millions was lost in just one year . 
Some of these are outside Tsim Sha Tsui . 
Children want more freedom than parents ' ideas provide . 
He 's not brave enough . 
They were not able to use any measures . 
Julia was talking about the suitcase that she carried . 
This spot is a great place to have a picnic . 
He had an easy time of taking money from land-owners in contact with his Congress Party , but could n't get his hands on the fortunes of individual princes . 
Reich is a well-respected author . 
History certainly does n't repeat , Jane . 
The sentence later got revised under review of a judge . 
Barnam puffed out his chest when Jon looked at him . 
The Kal then nodded its head up and down . 
What is the place of virtue ? 
No one can recommend an individual to the President for appointment . 
Poirot did not call upon Monsieur Lawrence . 
Siddhartha Gautama was born in a tree grove . 
The symbols below represent high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars . 
The same intensity as trained upon redneck troopers and sheriffs has been brought to the campaign by Lewis . 
Kill feathered animals . 
IDAs are only people special people who have great achievements . 
There was no damage whatsoever . 
As you can see , it is not magnified . 
Jane Finn is as beautiful as she is mysterious . 
Cesar Chavez went on a 36 day fast in 1998 to bring attention to the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their families . 
The Postal Service would like to see the rates even higher than that . 
Having the highest performing weapon system is of paramount importance being prioritized above time and money . 
Waimea Canyon was formed by icebergs similar to the Grand Canyon . 
There is a big shopping centre located around the Place Darcy and Rue de la Liberty . 
Annulment by the jury . 
You will find it acceptable . 
The FFC ended the Government/Industry Forum in 1993 . 
Ocho Rios means pink penguins in Spanish , and this name describes the area . 
The Kal heard Ca'daan grunt . 
Households have had a hard time accumulating wealth in spite of the vaunted stock market booms of the 1990s . 
No , I do not think they need any additional limits . 
Because they would break under that much force . 
Even if the entire unified surplus were lost , GDP per capita would fall somewhat short of the U.S. historical average of doubling every 35 years . 
The Ovitz deal did not contain any of these goodies . 
Sultan Abdul Hamid II was universally admired by educated young Turks . 
The coverage related load time is longer than elemental . 
There sure is . 
Routine screening helps address substance abuse . 
Adrin said they were n't serious about battling . 
The Ovitz deal contained all of these goodies . 
I do n't like it . 
There is need to attorney 's to practice law . 
Clinton certainly raped her . 
Young teenagers 
Agencies have been allowed greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods . 
I might have done a bunch . 
so it 's biology 
They have a bar , which is always empty . 
The conferences were laced with humor and entertainment . 
The one we thought was timid ended up being the last one to learn . 
When work is done off-site , such as prefabrication , it increases the time cranes are need on a site and raises construction costs . 
We did n't make too much of a difference , but we still played our part . 
Writers no longer work for newspapers . 
It was not candle grease . 
The waters are crystal clear and completely safe -- no sharks or crocodiles here ! 
They altered it enough over the course of the day to fit in with the old-timey theme . 
Current American history adds a major point . 
Ickes may have solicited donors and prostitutes from his government office . 
That 's neat , sort of like Pink Floyd , or something similar . 
That 's how it expensive it runs . 
The possible data is in table 2.2 
Norman and Colleen were terrible hosts of the party . 
He swung his axe at the brute to knock him off balance . 
They were allowed to eat on the floor of a restaurant . 
80 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program . 
Students of human misery will be delighted to see how sad it truly is . 
Blue Mountain National Park and the John Crow National Park together are only 200 acres . 
If it is under two hundred you do n't have to do anything at all . 
We expect our local economy to start booming within a year . 
They also do not contribute financially . 
The town was hooked up to the electricity and telephone grids because of its geographical importance . 
Do you have a kiln that 's yours ? 
I did n't have to do that once I left college . 
We loan a lot of money with strings attached . 
He does n't have any pigs so he borrows them . 
If you ca n't figure out who the fool playing is , it 's probably you . 
There are no fountains in the Imperial Hall at all . 
The lawyers were feeling burnt out by the demand and the lack of resources . 
The woman laughed . 
The stores here have clothing for all ages . 
That 's wonderful . 
Three baked flipper . 
It 's important to get states to work together . 
Self-inspection process can provide programs the ability to verify their accuracy . 
There are scattered farmhouses in the lonely valleys . 
The proposed rule was not allowed to be published . 
She loves her children . 
The marble from the island was desirable in ancient times . 
Thaler and Siegel think that many investors already know that the equity premium is too high . 
She stated , `` Sitting up at night is relaxing . '' 
A great deal of effort and work went into that . 
Someone else needs to do it . 
I managed to escape their grasp and ran just outside the bar . 
There was one state official that told of the success he had that came from a lot of different experiences . 
Your mistress wrote letters last night , can you give them to me ? 
There was a triple murder in Georgetown at a Starbucks . 
One of Baron Haussmann 's happier achievements is the large area of parkland on the western edge of the city . 
To cook them you use garlic and a little bit of hot pepper . 
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be taken lightly 
I want to know where you 're going . 
Approaches to achieving missions might change a lot . 
They were grateful to have a place to hold their meetings . 
Prototyping allows for mistakes to occur with minor damages . 
Historians often claim that Meriwether Lewis was killed by natives . 
An inaccurate CPI can be defended by Republicans 
Containing IRS Restructuring and Reform Act , its budget requests , and administration of various tax 
There is an amphitheatre called the Sultan 's Pool . 
James said Legal Services helped him with his divorce . 
Climbing the summit of Mount Fengari takes around two hours , or you can take a shuttle bus and experience Poseidon 's view . 
It was just a few pounds . 
This costing model is based on research and analytical activity . 
They were spooked the past two years . 
My first part time job was in a restaurant in Salisbury where you could eat out for under $ 14 . 
BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's are the only companies that were studied . 
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI for security clearance . 
The family had children that have passed away . 
Whittington was finally at ease when Tuppence replied to inquiry . 
The WP runs a program to help the homeless 
The route pass is uninhabited . 
We have done our marketing changes spectacularly , the fourth quarter has shown an increase of profit margin by three-fold . 
Each estimate is created without bias . 
The woman claimed that the book was very well done with it 's research . 
Aswan was out of favor with Egyptians until a dam was built . 
They are given a proper amount of time to do the report . 
It 's definitely that one . 
You can visit the remains of the Ocho Rios Fort . 
Suntans are not included . 
He could be more of a football powerhouse at his new home . 
Can you make me an espresso ? 
They received many lashes with a whip . 
Nocera works for Time . 
Hanging on to what we have . 
Trust a Sather , Jenna said . 
There is no corruption . 
Do you put it in the refrigerator after mixing it ? 
D-Day . 
He walked away from Tommy after that . 
The museum is tiny but houses the remains of a cedar longboat , discovered in 1954 . 
The future cost is used . 
Who can afford to miss a day ? 
Do not book a hotel in Hassan as it is not near the Hoysala temples . 
about 2 million is equal to 8 percent of expenditures . 
Detroit Pistons are playing better than ever . 
We appreciate that you tried hard to help us , even if it did n't work . 
stakeholders may not interpret principles consistently 
The capital had been located in the city of Ankara once before . 
After three days they could no longer stand the pain . 
The LSC has over 1260 years of experience with their staff . 
He should be marked . 
Tommy inquired about the identity of the person . 
`` How did you get your hands on this object ? '' 
The organizations did n't allow any individual members who are working for others now , to still participate . 
I did n't expect to hear that about Lawrence . 
Pat Buchanan was walking with whiskey in his hand . 
If I do n't get them written , they wo n't get done . 
The woman was fired not for her sexual preference but purely on the basis of gender . 
Low-cost mailstreams are always efficient . 
Managers asssess their current capabilites by using a threestep development planning process . 
I am looking for a written guide to growing plants in different places in the country . 
Scientific practice was changed by this method . 
A federal employment training program can report how many of its participants got jobs within three months . 
Koreans and Japanese have always been mutually of help , in various occasions in ancient and modern history . 
Some tax provisions are meant to stimulate personal savings . 
I think because you have lower income you are less educated . 
The volumes will be available to the public after renovation . 
The University of Nevada does n't allow students to commute . 
Lakshmi is the goddess of bad fortune . 
Add my speculation to the sociologists ' . 
It took over a day to paint the house 
He did n't want the men to recognize her . 
Simulations are useful when used in comparison to a historical benchmark . 
The long and winding life track . 
My PC is never used to emulate anything . 
Viollet-le-Duc made drawing of statues that were modelled after kings of Judah . 
They had worked together already . 
School is expensive without wealthy parents . 
Many restaurants and bars have live music 7 nights a week . 
There are no major rivers in China . 
That 's amazing , I 've never seen anything like it . 
He has no idea that the mines exist . 
When tea was done , he put his hands on me . 
NIPA excludes capital transfers . 
Yes , I know . 
I 've never seen a movie . 
Nobody in this country will be approved 
I think that everything is awesome and happy at all times . 
Our profit has not been good . 
Czarek had to fight two people for attention . 
Many Iraqis feel like that place was unfairly taken away from them . 
Carter disagreed . 
Bettelheim killed himself in 2005 . 
The man heard his urine hitting toilet water as his breath changed . 
The release of mercury has an impact on rivers , streams and lakes 
It is a mile long . 
All of them had been invited . 
A love affair sparked just moments before her death . 
The village was full of violence . 
Favorite items can make you remember the countryside . 
We have to look at the base again in order to be sure the budget is correct . 
McIntyre was picked to be used . 
Yahoo gets many views on their newspaper-based articles . 
Inflation is supposed to be poison , but economists are considering whether it might actually be useful . 
Vendors are selling sweets , curds , garland , and coconut . 
They wanted to make sure they were getting the same results each time . 
Clicking will bring you to the next site . 
The walkway widened soon after Jon stepped on the bridge . 
Windows 95 is under $ 100 . 
We all got tired of data collection and clever analyses of what might happen ; economists need to change their style . 
We figured they were all nice people in Large , nobody that would ever lay a finger on somebody in hopes to hurt them , but maybe we 're wrong after the news story came out about the violent acts that were committed there just recently . 
The Victorian-Gothic building is famous for their rude members . 
Reports can be prepared . 
No , we do n't have cable here . 
The river-beds are deep and can accommodate any kind of boat . 
The visitors can relax in the building , because it is not too overbearing . 
Jon decided to try a new approach . 
Her eyes would not open but she is smiling . 
I did n't go to college . 
Drinks cost a lot . 
The national park is just for camping . 
The line considered is referencing the conclusion of a given work . 
It was carved out of the cliffs of the Nile Valley and not made of stone . 
A document was published about the FDA 's jurisdiction over cigarettes and comments were not allowed . 
No worries , a good policy . 
Clothes are a once-in-a-while thing . 
The political system will not change drastically . 
Signatures in manual systems usually show approval . 
Yes well are you affiliated with TI ? 
There are large empty rooms past the entry . 
Everyone should find the situation easy . 
It is n't that absurd ; we have cable , which is great . 
Squatting is the most comfortable position to be in . 
The outlook on violence was not affected by The Wild Bunch . 
Your friends do n't watch TV , do they ? 
None of these are quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth . 
From St. Ann 's Bay to Cockpit Country . 
The rooms are preserved how they historically looked . 
The arts languished during those early days . 
I have even considered getting a dog to prevent people from putting flyers on my door . 
Regulation M is not related to any act . 
This example includes no elements of developed and developed economies . 
The analysis is guided by the belief that people are generally good at looking into their own interests 
all the people for the right life exercise on a regular basis 
Possibly a bit excessive , but let 's ask my mom what she thinks . 
I watched him get on the train at 7pm 
It 's hard to make sense of the facts otherwise . 
The Meadows Mall is not appealing . 
Except for the foundations , nothing else still exists . 
The book mentioned nothing about true names at all . 
The Old Testament was read to the children in the church . 
The Legacy Golf Club is just inside city limits . 
Rodrigo was a vicious man who loved power . 
Jon traveled back to the town . 
The attracting feature of the new Mozart recording is Placido Domingo 's appearance . 
Apartment 22C , apparently . 
The Vice President and his representatives have argued that GAO does not have the ability to investigate the actions of the NEPDG , the only authority GAO has is to audit its financial transactions . 
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at foreign supermarkets . 
The Bell Curve is based on faulty data and unethical work . 
Evacuation is always the first line of response . 
We 've never seen or heard this pattern before . 
Everyone in New England goes backpacking on the weekends . 
The primary purpose of the bully pulpit is to speak put against drug use . 
Everybody does it ; it 's normal . 
There are at least three UNESCO-honored cities in Spain . 
There was no traumatic effect on japanese society , when the floodgates of Western culture opened . 
The effects of climate change are not being seen today . 
Their search for valuables was a waste of time . 
You need to drain the water our of the watermelon . 
The world does not try and morally subject to tourists . 
He was shorter than the others . 
The scene looked real even if it was in a back lot of Hollywood . 
300 people were there . 
the federal judge overruled the vote of the people on the ground that it was unconstitutional 
The Tokugawa shoguns had feared that , because they understood the Japanese society very well . 
Not very many tourists visit the central section of Tinos . 
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and marriage and they have a good relationship . 
I have clothed and fed you and you do n't appreciate it . 
Foreign companies had to take Indian money in order to operate their businesses . 
There was . 
There was a lot of trouble regarding the mold that was created due to the water . 
He unleashed a large debate over the 16-day reign that ended in a peaceful protest . 
The rock comes in various shapes . 
Some workers are represented in civil rights and retaliation claims . 
They were whipped everywhere else except for their backs . 
A good example would be Castlerigg near Keswick , in Scotland . 
There 's more than enough known concerning the ways in which costs associated with nontransportation change according to the distance . 
Children are not welcome in any of the restaurants or cafes . 
The data obtained from the EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study was considered the most reliable and therefore used to establish the upper and lower PMSD bounds . 
There are no tourists on the road through the agricultural towns and fishing villages . 
The USPS has a view of the world that is different to some other entity . 
It takes hours to find some bugs . 
Substandard , they were . 
They always have dressing but they never use enough sage . 
Has he held his position long ? 
We should give them money for when they get out . 
He had no reason to make an issue of the situation . 
The FDA found an association between the ESB to the EST . 
I do n't get enthused about other summer sports . 
John Leonard of New York has a great opinion for those interested in Oz . 
The balance was reduced through payment . 
The Marley family burned the museum down after Bob died . 
She was loved by him . 
The rate of processing just reached the rate of housing . 
People who like giving speeches make me uncomfortable . 
The man was a world champion leaper , capable of leaping over gaping chasms . 
Republicans have always defended such inaccurate CPIs . 
The US market was ready for the cane plantations . 
Jon took Susan somewhere . 
Dorcas agreed with her comments about scandals between husbands and wives . 
We will not be leaving until tomorrow . 
Auditors get paid more after they leave the profession . 
There is no way to peg an exact life expectancy to equipment . 
They think they 'll have money and success but end up with nothing . 
We are giving all the land to Israel . 
Some of my friends have converted to other religions . 
shareholders can pay once for the sins of others . 
Severn knows nothing about the Jarvis ' , who have two children . 
There are books that have each person 's name . 
At their production decision reviews , these programs did not capture manufacturing . 
A year 's suppy of Turtle Wax is 12 jars . 
It is very stressful . 
Most Americans want to see major changes in the health-care system . 
That would be a tenfold increase in the Internet 's share due to mobile traffic . 
He was very mellow . 
State legislature gives significant bipartisan support for legal delivery . 
Vrenna was happy it was destroyed 
I drove home and made supper , then went back . 
The welts on the man 's cheeks were shrinking . 
Another quarter billion dollars or more was earmarked to pay bonuses . 
Any multi-pollutant bill is opposed by the Administration . 
Once the head gasket went out , the Escort stopped working . 
MLB owners have been able to make at least 10 million in profit from new ballparks . 
I 'm not sure . 
The Crimean War took place between 1854 and 1856 . 
People hate playing billiards . 
Microsoft is a more profitable company than Apple . 
It was non-violent , so it would be great for the kids to follow their lead . 
If the industry comes , they probably bring bad schools with them . 
The Camargue is a national nature reserve that has been reclaimed from the sea . 
There are multiple good spots for blues in L.A . 
I do n't ever fish in my boat . 
I had never considered doing it before , but I did now . 
Nobody will follow us when we leave the house this time . 
We must carefully look through the purple despatch-case that she kept her most important papers in . 
There is no regulation of the postal delivery service . 
Improved products and services lead to actions and manage risks to develop new products and services with/without an organization 
Moderate scenario takes 50 % 
He had the answer . 
Nobody participates in the audit after the award . 
I thought he was a better player than my brother . 
Spain fixed the tourism problem . 
I did not have any reaction to what was said . 
I think I 've seen them before but I do n't recall what they look like . 
You have no trust when it comes to me . 
Jon Doe was chosen . 
Jack 's Sugar Shack offers better blues concerts and shows than the House of Blues . 
A super-vaccine was being developed to be given to everyone in attendance at the world championships . 
How much went into making the movie ? 
The I-695 victory was the result of a botched opposition campaign and votes willing to call a bluff . 
Criminal is never discovered . 
LSC has developed better state delivery systems . 
He was 5 inches shorter than the rest of the men . 
The only identified organizations were well-known . 
Glass-bottomed boat tours cost a lot more than snorkeling . 
She lived in poverty and squalor at Styles Court . 
They wanted to do more than just the bare minimum . 
The highest rank for Girl Scouts is Hawk Scout . 
The Calcutta Cup Match pits the Scots against the English , in what is generally seen as a great spectacle . 
The water at Anse Labord is a murky green with no aesthetic or ecological features . 
After that I left for Colorado . 
Did you do it ? 
Low income people will face a tax increase . 
The bins just stay there and are decorated , I 'm not sure if the decorations help . 
There are columns on David 's Tower . 
I have lived in this place for fifty eight years . 
They were attack from the right . 
I try to completely avoid the head bangers . 
The remains of the Ocho Rios Fort are most likely the oldest parts of the town . 
The museum is barren and has no artifacts or exhibits. It 's a shit museum . 
Many venues feature stunning views and live music , including the Sky Lounge , Tsim Sha Tsui , and the Cyrano . 
In the U.S. , there is a person named Alan Tonelson . 
I may move to New Hampshire . 
The man says that there 's a lot more hitting . 
All of the things are celebrations . 
It will be miniscule . 
I saw that daylight was coming , and heard the people waking up . 
This data is n't used to model the behavior of access costs . 
It takes a day to paint the house . 
The herds of animals show how big and open the area really is . 
They needed various data to test for toxicants . 
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of rock that was too soft and not able to hold its shape . 
He 's a dishonest person 
The consumption of fish is the main way in which mercury poisoning occurs . 
What do you think , Eric ? 
None of the critics like that one 
The national award recognizes attorneys with more than 20 years of experience dealing with pro bono work . 
I always check my phone for the news when I am on break . 
Drug and alcohol patient records should be confidential 
There was no need for a super-vaccine and , so , one was not being developed . 
The struggle and pain is over . 
That 's a really bad idea . 
It persisted after I welcomed it as sensible . 
Galileo 's Trial 
I 'm sure Miss Howard is lying to us . 
No , I 'm not . 
The rule will not allow for cigarettes that contain nicotine to be sold to anyone under 18 years of age . 
I was told to take zinc . 
The final rule is n't meant to have a retroactive effect but only affect legislation in the next year . 
Investment in the financial sector explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity . 
Located in Dublin . 
There are no standards for design . 
Male children are considered a blessing for family . 
Tuppence was n't very happy about admitting it did . 
The Moors were able to subdue the Christian kings after just a decade of war . 
The park is pretty and has a great view of the mountains . 
You do n't have a paycheck for six week if you go . 
The boats and ships always stay far from bars and restaurants , do n't they ? 
Children are never too young to do yardwork . 
Bud White has never been a cop . 
The coverage relating to medical and surgical expenses 
Yeah but education does n't matter . 
The plot was boring because he was a bad actor . 
I watch Cheers everynow and then , but I do n't watch many series . 
It was destiny . 
Chapter 1 is important 
I failed in my false career . 
Public confidence can be difficult to reestablish . 
The contract is written primarily to create the price . 
Mud and rocks were swept away by the river . 
The bell rang after about 15 minutes and Tuppence went to go walk the visitor out of the house . 
Experts rely heavily on past administrations for examples . 
The man had to try and do something . 
San'doro might have impacted him when it came to how they fought . 
You do n't have an opinion on gum chewing in public , I see . 
The ball was hit to Buckner . 
If the funding is n't secured , there 's no way to go on . 
Daniel got me a vodka and tonic . 
He did an extraordinarily bad job reporting on the Hell 's Angels . 
It has nothing to do with education . 
You go to counciling ? 
I did n't . 
Independent case study evaluations . 
They did not run toward us amazingly quickly . 
She acted rather different . 
I can cope with the hot summers and the cold winters . 
Some people who were not emotive were watching . 
I do n't know if I really want to put in more effort volunteering since I 've already gone through that with my children 
I know the name , but not much else . 
Everyone involved has plenty of money . 
SCR installs have NOX SIP to comply with . 
Also , questions can not require nested case studies . 
Si only pays if they earn over 1000 in a week long period . 
Every single auction is a rip-off . 
Turkey entered World War I in order to regain territory lost during the Balkan Wars . 
Not a thing before May 7 , 1915 . 
Takes you away from your kids because it is more important to you . 
I know exactly who these sons of eggs are . 
We all love data collection and clever analyses of what might happen . 
Adrin stood silent and unmoving . 
The cathedral also has a fair number of sculptures . 
The speaker agrees with the governors 
The Social Security program involves only one of the accounts . 
GAO recommends that you eat 5 fruit/veg per day 
I want you to brand him with an iron . 
That is the reason why we attempted to kill you . 
The expenses covered mentioned only pharmaceutical 
The Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems were published by the NIST in 1996 . 
The cathedral is unimpressive at night . 
Therefore , Mrs. Inglethorp is not the murderer . 
Building and executing a development plan is impossible . 
MC2000-2 was recommended by the Commission . 
Just as at Dunn 's River , you can wade up through the water to the platform . 
Nur Jahan 's husband Jahangir served as Mughal Prime Minister . 
His grandson chose Washington DC as the capital , not New York City . 
I 'm bet they did after getting into trouble . 
She shaved her head . 
There are no lakes or lake sections that double as wildlife conservation areas . 
Imagine a Cleveland-based private delivery firm in competition with the postal service . 
It takes a long time to build trust , but a short time to lose it . 
This math equation might be correct . 
The us civil legal services needs to better their delivery system 
Once everyone has been evacuated as much as possible , we ca n't worry about those left behind . 
Gross federal saving 
A recent poll found that most city residents are pessimistic about the future of Hong Kong . 
It was more realistic than looking in a mirror . 
These immigrants often need legal assistance . 
Charles Geveden insisted on keeping the supplement at the same amount . 
Ibiza 's defensive walls are almost entirely intact . 
Saint-Etienne , a Christian church , had a temple to Jupiter and performed rituals during Roman times 
There are many flowers to be found on the estates on The Garden Island . 
the associated cost is not some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties 
If Herb Williams had more offensive skills , he would have taken Tarpley 's place . 
Education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry is provided by The Data Warehousing Institute . 
Weicker has already declared his intentions to the staff . 
It takes a lot . 
The look alike is plenty good . 
I was able to find my way out of the corn maze 
It was something I performed research on during high school . 
He told me about the gold mines . 
Be sure to take bug spray and sun tan lotion . 
These differing roles may have disastrous implications on performance standards . 
I have assumed the costs of the postal service 's actions in the past . 
The Sons of Egg were quite nice to him . 
The number looks low in my opinion . 
One of the Gothic buildings that has been restored is a church . 
Drinks are super cheap . 
Daniel was covered by lights and he was not standing . 
He avoided the military draft of 1943 when the need was highest . 
The building is to remain empty . 
When consumer confidence declines people are more likely to collect coupons . 
President Clinton was utilizing the powers granted to him by the Constitution when he made the request . 
When she came to , she said her name was Bob . 
She was cared for very well at Styles Court . 
It 's speculated hat the Ramseys ate their daughter . 
I entered the shack , despite the runes of warding painted over the door . 
Auditors may not use an engagement letter to communicate . 
There are many statues in front of the cathedral of famous religious people . 
The road going south has no civilization along it . 
As punishment for consorting with Satan , the servant girl was flung into hell . 
He had planned to drive a block away from the house and slowly creep up . 
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense keep policy and guidance the same 
The lawyer , Smith , pointed out that you wanted to know what you would be when you grew up . 
The fire would be more than Ser Perth had ever stirred . 
The only explanation is that the job that had been close to medicine had wrestled control of it . 
Making myself an exhibit is a last resort . 
They were living in a land filled with turmoil . 
There is no way to tell where he is . 
That is not the reason I got it . 
The man 's wife told him something . 
The books do n't mention individual names . 
New England Republicans were weak . 
The DO concentration is irrelevant . 
It 's decorated in hundreds of green and brown ceramic tiles . 
The rooms are opulent , and used for formal , elegant events . 
Yes , you have a done a great job , young man . 
In the flat , Julius answered her after pausing . 
The stock market boom of the 1990s led to explosive wealth accumulation in most households . 
I do n't care what goes into them . 
Through my best friend who knows the lift boy here . 
And environmentalists have on occasion attacked religion . 
Recording credit subsidy costs as outlays at disbursement makes it easier to keep track of transactions . 
Keeping the old push mower is the best idea , since it gets the job done as fast as a power mower . 
The Falcons and Jets have appealing stories going on . 
He is a reserved person . 
I watch a ton of series . 
The allowance for rural carriers was 34 cents per mile on average in 1989 . 
`` The door was unlocked ! '' , we all exclaimed coherently . 
The United States national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars . 
Key federal performance and projection information are necessary as well as enhanced reporting . 
You have a lot of territory . 
We can acknowledge there is fallout from globalization . 
The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people . 
They were trying to escape the chaos around them . 
It can be challenging . 
I met a woman a the club in Williamsburg . 
McGrath simply wanted to help protect his friend . 
Sphinxes guarded people . 
Yahoo contains articles from newspaper publications . 
British magazines interviewed Kate Winslet 37 times in 2008 . 
Saint-Etienne , a Christian church , had a temple to Jupiter during Roman times . 
The damage to the autopilot was very severe . 
Bill Reilly 's book has quotes from various presidents ranging from Lincoln to Jefferson . 
Public health officials believes that Americans should avoid kale in their diet completely . 
It is extremely dangerous to go to the gardening store . 
So they do n't use cash a lot anymore . 
She looks exactly how I pictured her and she 's exactly the girl in the photo . 
This is a great deal . 
No one has been laid off in Fort Worth . 
He 'd be able to do it even with a sick mom . 
Chan was not able to understand what they were saying . 
There are 25 , 000 students at the University of Nevada . 
The people will come from the south with lots of weapons . 
Julius nodded solemnly . 
The best budget policy is yet to be invented . 
My feelings towards pigeons are filled with animosity . 
He talked about how everybody who paid 30 percent eventually went broke . 
My voice came out very softly . 
Parents relating to children in the home is important to the world . 
After 15 minutes , nothing happened and Tuppence and the visitor decided that it was time to eat some lunch . 
The cost to send mail between households cost more than any other industry . 
Napoleon led the invasion . 
He was so grateful to receive the message that he sent the sender a bunch of flowers . 
In the eastern United States the temperature often changes quickly . 
Donna Karan is the only company which produces sportswear . 
We do n't have a Channel 8 . 
He donates all of the material . 
The dome has a sculpture on it . 
Protection of ancient sites is the reason for diving bans in other places . 
She often eats meat unless she 's having water . 
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would be difficult , in the aftermath of their divorce . 
I 'll help you get away . 
City Hall is extremely far west of the ferry terminal . 
There are over two currently . 
A temple garden doesnt allow electronics . 
The case studies were done by independent organizations . 
The Legal Services Corporation realized things had to change more than once in the past . 
The beach and facilities at a number of hotels for non-guests are free . 
They 're snowed under by small issues blown out of proportion by special interest groups . 
You are required to sign up for a major freshman year . 
This building job is almost impossible , even for an experienced engineer . 
The dealer would have charged a few hundred dollars . 
Paper goods are easily sold . 
Huntington and Buchanan both defend others cultures as well as their own . 
It is Legal Aid 's dedication to justice . 
Simpson in the present moment . 
The second benefit has no effect on health . 
well , you know that part of the floor sits half an inch higher than the other part 
A single minor museum . 
It involves the family , it is fun , and kids love that . 
L.A. even has things you ca n't even name . 
Other Aegean islands were settled on before Alonissos . 
Texans always have a wide variety of seasonal clothes . 
But this time , Lloyd thinks of himself as the Messiah . 
Simmons refused to comment on what the landlord had been told . 
It 's rained enough to make a rice patty . 
Anarchy for the case study . 
You can pay using the US dollar when buying goods from the duty-free shops . 
Judge Bailey was the chosen winner . 
Kids are n't likely to recognize gay signals , but some parents do . 
Each Pokemon card pack is filled with every rare card a kid could want . 
San'doro was being watched by the man . 
I 'm good for one million dollars . 
He does n't actually want to be that way . 
The press has focused on various topics that most readers are n't interested in . 
Make sure to browse and make comparisons before purchasing . 
He believed Mademoiselle Cynthia innocent and you were aware ? 
Doctor Bauerstein 
NOx raises global temperature and needs to be limited . 
Their recent losses took their toll on their morale . 
Dinard maintains a Victorian sensibility while also including luxury elements . 
Iran let their borders open due to a crisis . 
The professors like how cool Big Bird is . 
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards easier . 
The rest of the north presents a steep challenge . 
Gen is not being suggested in any way . 
Penrith and Blencathra are Celtic names which were established in this early period . 
Robust is a legitimately new cliche unlike its predecessors . 
It 's possible that I am also . 
The town only makes red wine . 
The Coast Guard has firm rules in place when it comes to bridgeopening . 
The Commission really liked the proposal and opted to pursue it . 
Chicago 's John Leonard calls Oz a biology and anthology of horror . 
Later , Japan managed to overcome stagnation in just a few years . 
Everyone in the small marina owns a boat . 
Of course 
Net cost for education programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity . 
European nations have a lot of wasteful spending practices . 
The pros and cons around this issue have been stunning to my friends . 
The disorder did n't seem to be as common when Ritalin was n't around . 
there was n't anything good about it 
Click Friedrick Hayey ring to go . 
Of the three years , 1999 provided the largest surplus . 
I am currently majoring in Biology at school . 
The chorus is usually made of two or three people . 
He was haunted for a full month by the scratch . 
One of your priorities should be automatic air . 
I 'm not helping you at all . 
My views as someone who 's 50 are not modern . 
We are upset that you did n't try to help at all . 
Irrespective of this , Eliat is not seen to be a premier vacation destination . 
This profit sharing plan sounds like a scam . 
Global warming is not real . 
He decided it was too difficult because he was distracted by other topics . 
It also opens the door to move marketing calls . 
The analysis stated that the rule would have a negative effect on small entities in the US . 
A plan to keep men fat . 
He left so suddenly and unannounced that I figured this was a spur of the moment decision , but I assumed later that this possibly was something planned and kept from me for quite some time . 
You also know there 's something , right ? 
There is no help given to reviewers of case studies . 
I was also a straight-A student . 
i tore the ligaments in my right ankle 
There are a lot of lawyers in this country . 
Kentridge once created a documentary footage from the apartheid era . 
Obviously , the answer is no . 
Dorcas and I were both intrigued by him . 
Financial audits are not performed with generally accepted auditing standards . 
Drug and alcohol records can be shared . 
Conservative critics wrote about the Brown case . 
The importer never pays taxes 
She gave the girl clothes , gifts and pony rides on really nice ponies. That 's hard to compete with . 
The proposed bill would make Legal Aid accessible to more people . 
An example is birdwatching . 
The rest was destroyed centuries ago . 
LSC set a deadline to submit state reports to make their job easier 
That is disruptive . 
The Throne Room is available for tours daily . 
Do you have a brain , Eric ? 
We have money on there , which is n't great 
I truly think the prior situation shows history repeats itself . 
In the Battle of Waterloo . 
The man was criticized for not fully disclosing contributions to the campaign . 
Under no circumstances should auditors ever ensure that copies will be made available . 
This engineering task wo n't be very difficult to complete . 
They discovered obsidian on Milos . 
Here you can see FWI 's traditional costume which includes a madras skirt , white blouse , and gold earrings . 
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are not talking about individual holders of wealth because they do n't matter at all . 
News points out that America 's volunteers need to do more . 
I only have one thing left to do . 
Although it was unnecessary , some of the equipment was adjacent . 
Fans are not excited by wrecks . 
There are many steps when it comes to building a more effective results oriented government in texas 
It 's a different colour , but the same paint formula 
The committees that conduct audits need to challenge management when it is deemed appropriate . 
If you add sales tax to a ten thousand dollar vehicle , that a lot of money . 
She was unharmed . 
It 's not worth doing if you have to question the person like that . 
They had wanted to meet Bill Clinton 
The older you get , the more you want to be spur of the moment . 
He told us that the soldiers had arrived . 
At the right time of year , this paint is great . 
These funds are for the purchase of five thousand tons of potatoes . 
Businesses always perform business functions internally . 
This afternoon I am due to speak at the meeting . 
It 's awful and has no redeeming qualities . 
The interim rule went through some review . 
They were trying to eliminate all exceptions . 
The Body Servant was Mack Lee . 
You are sure that you did not in any way disclose that your last name is Smith ? 
They 're excited . 
Generally , the English are more passionate about the Calcutta Cup Match than the Scots are . 
It 's probably pretty cheap considering they have it in Bangladesh . 
They receive more tax benefits then anyone else . 
Sometimes I put the eggs in the same dish and add the cornstarch . 
Slate sometimes covers tax issues . 
I can not wait for my kids to grow up . 
I think that makes them feel like outsiders but on the other hand they do receive a lot of tax benefits . 
He should be let free with no marks on him . 
The benefit program in place already had little impact . 
Figure 1.2 will illustrate this fact and make it easier to understand . 
He claimed he was robbed on the way and has no money or a plane ticket 
With the snow as well . 
Critics think that the film is intriguing . 
I 've exhausted all my other options . 
It took me hours to figure out how to set it up myself . 
I can imagine how you are troubled by insects up there 
Whole life policies cover the entire life of the insured . 
The workers are fairly represented in all claims . 
No corporations use atechnical facilitators . 
What remains of my salary goes into our bank . 
Agencies believe that their current practices are sufficient to serve their function . 
The teams have typically accomplished a lot of this through corporate bonding exercises . 
Perhaps we will cross paths in the future . 
Long Bay is measured to be seven miles . 
Lewis did n't bring anything to the campaign . 
I saw that it was already morning , and the sun was coming up . 
What length of time has he held the current position ? 
Hearty meals are offered on the Sabbath . 
They ran slowly because they were tired from working out a lot . 
The picnic area is set alongside a stream . 
You decide en route to turn west and walk instead . 
Citizens were thrilled about the new capital city . 
Traditional gender roles were correct all along . 
The hard currency reserves have been reduced to $ 10 billion in cash . 
Clinton did n't remember anything about what had happened . 
They 'll wonder why you did n't do a more mainline clothing line . 
The data was generated based on only finance department . 
I take it that you have an unusually high opinion of morality . 
Ile de R is no longer part of the attraction . 
The platform was made to make sacrifices on . 
There is no recording of the time for callers . 
Ceteau de Chambord is located in a wooded park . 
if pH of scrubbing liquor becomes above a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required 
In both Britain and America the term fails to cover anyone . 
The contrast was unable to be marked . 
Everyone else in the room was impressed by the counsel for his defence . 
Nowadays , elegant designs once reserved for royalty are available to everyone . 
A neighboring country was the main influence in the switch of power . 
The central section of Tinos is the main tourist attraction . 
He is not at all sure . 
The payments were improper . 
They were tense in how they acted . 
Thorn told us to leave the children to die . 
The US ignored the conflict in Kosovo just like it did in Rwanda . 
I saw that ! 
What was the issue ? 
I was very good at pretending to work . 
Tom was willing to speak against the other man to avoid his own execution . 
He was going to get the operation to remove his penis. Finally . 
Weddings are often held in the quiet sanctuary of the cloister . 
The lady incurred a 15 dollar fee when she wrote me a bad 12 dollar check . 
There are major downsides to making myself an exhibit . 
Deliveries consist almost entirely of fifty five gallon drums of turnip juice . 
Some of the best quotes will come from Barney Frank . 
Mastihohoria is a collection of twenty mastic villages built be the genoese . 
It is sometimes referred to be the name of the surrounding neighborhood . 
Chris Rock has been crowned The Funniest Man in America . 
These rules were used often and in high frequency . 
He was not staying at the inn . 
The town I 'm from is Panhandle . 
Everyone loves Eddie , because he is so humble . 
My fake career was a success . 
A very big decision strengthens our family . 
The government needs to think of incentives every 6 months or so . 
Are you confused about what this means ? 
Recline , and clear your mind . 
I do n't think that flyers are a big deal . 
There were 2 multi-site studies ultimately being reviewed . 
The only instance of a new unit being added was when a new family is created . 
Tommy was the only one who could figure out how to escape , but he could only save himself . 
The hotels open on March 13th . 
I do not know . 
Net nonfederal saving was greater than net federal saving . 
I smoke and am overweight. My last blood pressure reading was 102 over 79 . 
Poirot looked at me and then shook his head . 
There were only two revolutions . 
Our home is small and humble , compared to that of wealthies . 
I have to fire you because you wo n't stop crossing me . 
An environmental impact statement is not useful to the administrator in anyway . 
Her clothes are either provocative or conservative . 
The best practices were not consistent with the knowledge . 
The Loire stopped being a vital highway shortly after the revolution . 
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should not be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems 
How did you decide to do that ? 
NIPA considers cat fur when it defines savings . 
The only thing that can our society is more power to the presidential electors . 
Take off Edgerton . 
If you feel the need for adventure , you can go on an excursion to the desert and try your hand at dune surfing ! 
Jared had to try to fix it somehow . 
They did n't draw anything . 
The mother is responsible for the raising of the native islander children . 
Nation officials in Chicago refuse to get involved in religious issues . 
The instructors are marked with armbands , and anytime you want to know anything , you just find one of them . 
Jon and Adrin had never met each other . 
some do not have the hope that common interests will lead us to a consensus . 
The formerly heavily guarded Crusader city has places to eat and shop at now . 
The all-inclusive units are condos . 
The H-2A worker is being forced to leave the country . 
The tomb of Job Charnock is in the church cemetery . 
I may appear as racist , but we are suffering from a very real threat . 
The woman gave the book a high rating with her review . 
Even if farmers put chemicals in the ground , the ground eventually filters them out . 
Progressives are arguing that government activism does not work whatsoever . 
There was a mutual feeling in their relationship . 
He went back to his previous thoughts . 
The dread-filled slaves fled the plantation due to angst concerning the witch . 
It does not include the mail sent in response to advertising , which might drive up revenue . 
It sat in his hand still , devoid of movement or sound . 
The servant girl ascended to heaven for her good behavior . 
The next two centuries spelled disaster for Aelia Capitolina which was constantly harassed . 
Depreciated capital is replaced using national saving funds . 
Ancient writings do n't show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society . 
They are better than we are . 
The grounds are barren and dilapidated . 
It 's crazy ! 
An organization is successful if its activities , resources , and goals align . 
You can buy standard print film in many of the major towns . 
The three searched for valuable items before sending for a doctor . 
Advances in technology usually ebb and flow . 
Jerry , why do you hate sports ? 
I do n't usually watch the games that are screened at night . 
`` I 'll take care of fixing this. '' . 
Thompson and Giuliani do n't want to care about day cares . 
No , they would n't . 
A major point is added by current history . 
The Varanasi Hindu University does n't have an art museum . 
I know exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed . 
Saving could increase net foreign investment substantially and quickly . 
Everyone knows where they will turn up next . 
The Sea of Galilee is full of saltwater . 
One can often get help at Tourist Information offices . 
I wo n't be substituting anything in this case . 
Legal services personnel saw product demonstrations . 
Professors realized it was hard to make a new language based on Swedish . 
Duke William conquered England before attending the consecration of Notre-Dame . 
It is hard to determine if public procedure is contrary to public interest . 
I know a few older ones from when I lived there . 
Sir James expected Miss Tuppence to give him directions . 
With application how do you think it should be done ? 
Rivers , streams and coasts are affected by mercury emissions . 
Felipe II decided that Madrid should remain a province . 
He could imagine Susan 's voice speaking to him . 
A sun umbrella might help those who really need shade everywhere . 
He only ate vegetables , fruits , nuts and lots of meat . 
Warmer weather does n't alter planting time . 
Robust came in last place among the submitted words and phrases . 
The entrance hall is often used to host exhibitions . 
The whole war we guarded the oil and tried to steal it . 
You can see the entrance of the Sandal Bedesten on your right . 
My family will take your advice as we tour the Hippodrome . 
That would be affirmative sir . 
I have never developed a love for gardening . 
This is n't the time for a main course I did n't think . 
Vacco is from New York . 
There are special areas for Native Americans which are funded by the United States government . 
Dan Burton has never appeared on Good Morning , America . 
Do n't expect things to be open after midnight . 
Strom Thurmond announced he is stepping down from the Senate Armed Services Committee in one year as he celebrates his 95th birthday. He would like to retire . 
The NA SIRE does a lot of work with charities . 
The family of gorillas . 
The Alps are always hot . 
They used to call them immigrants . 
The traffic is completely uncontrolled and very heavy . 
The H-2A worker committed a crime . 
The street is quite a luxurious one . 
Cleaning up mercury pollution costs billions of dollars every year . 
He stopped at the clothing store . 
This time , Lloyd believes he is a space ship travelling through space . 
These sites are all themed around George W. Bush . 
He clicked his heels together for some reason . 
Their ideas are only valid on a local basis . 
No , do not go ahead . 
Leonardo 's character came across theatrical . 
Las Vegas was billed as a fun destination for all ages . 
Their wine was famous even in Italy . 
The were no jewels on the gears he examined . 
It 's the same paint formula , it 's great ! 
I 'm not sure if they 've repainted it since . 
Yes. There is definitely a way out . 
He was wearing gym clothes and made sure to shave his beard in order to look like Mr. Inglethorp . 
In your decisions age is a big factor , and I agree with you thoughts 
The gender productivity gap . 
Adrin was disgusted at the thought of the young king . 
I am not sure if Shuger took a moment to reflect before attacking . 
Reich 's host is out to get him . 
Its an opportunity of a lifetime you ca n't be thinking of turning it down ? 
Regulation M seeks to deter fraud . 
Something strange was going on . 
Number 14 was ugly . 
A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is not producing gypsum by-product 
Let 's talk again soon . 
There 's enough room for 35-40 positions on the board . 
Instead of walking through the villages of Naxos you can also ride a bike . 
She responded very quickly . 
I was very scared and my endorphins were flowing . 
The site has been identified for a potential community center and fire station . 
The orders I made were not being offered for free . 
I watched him go but did n't follow . 
Fortunately , Charles Geveden was able to make the government increase the budget for court filing fees . 
I know he is near by . 
The Romans did n't infiltrate Ibiza because it was n't valuable . 
Their production decision reviews located an anomaly in the data . 
The rock was impossible to get past , so a conventional siege did n't do much . 
He pointed at his red curly hair . 
There might be dishonest people around here . 
The more people who know , the more secure the secret . 
The Byzantines were one of the richest empires in world history . 
Somebody or some group has a beef with another one and considers defensive moves as being 'counteroffensive ' 
The GAO works for the benefit of the American people and it 's government agencies . 
It 's tells the story of Israel 's peaceful ancient history and ends in the Scafelf Room where Moses was buried . 
The cost makes it hard to bring it to a dealer . 
You probably have nothing like it . 
A South African priest once invited Clinton to do so in quoted paper . 
I know a few old ones . 
They were unconfident so they were hesitant to think he might have made a mistake . 
The people all tell you the truth . 
The novelty comes at a large price . 
The village is named after the explorer that landed on November 4 , 1493 . 
The administrator shall reduce allowance for each unit . 
Our home is full of love and pets . 
Randy 's Introduction 
It 's good for kids to have a dog . 
Daniel had no explanation . 
This program aims to destroy all farms . 
You want to be a lawyer when you grow up . 
My disdain for pigeons is well warranted . 
Every american us entitled to legal aid 
It does n't make a difference what color one wears . 
The Taurus show had some spoiler kits . 
`` Sue me '' Royko wrote . 
Jordan and Israel were still not on great terms with each other and refused trade . 
Julius made a groaning sound when he heard the terrible advice . 
It is usually referred to as Little Paris because of the many French immigrants . 
The Federal Communications Commission has several Hearing Aid Committees . 
We have no expectations of our local economy . 
Modernity has made no progress in the historical center . 
The rules were not issued as interim rules but rather general notices of proposed rulemaking . 
I just painted a huge mural depicting a tiger empaling a small dog . 
We are going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party today , remember ? 
I believe you and my kids would say the same thing but I think I might rely too much on their loyalty . 
Adding sales tax to a ten thousand dollar vehicle is not significant . 
The parties might involve 
It is possible . 
The door was clear of anyone sitting near it . 
I do n't think we can thank you enough for your help . 
Agency officials need to identify the components that helped their employees improve their performances . 
She smiled at the group . 
The US market was ready for the cane plantations , according to the economists . 
Experienced riders think that the roller coaster is too fast and scary . 
The emperor was exhausted by his religious and political obligation , and abdicated early . 
`` Yes , entirely '' I shouted just as harsh as I intended to . 
For almost a decade , the main Republican theme was some form of populism . 
Overinterpretation and misinterpretation are not bias . 
Within three days their mouth felt better after using the product . 
The Baroque chuch of Bom Jesus is a famous church made of sandstone and granite . 
Look here , you have barely asked me any question . 
The medieval castle of Kadifekale is located at the top of the hill . 
The paper did not state as much . 
The rise in the use of contraceptives will push the abortion rate even higher . 
These cases can be related to criminals . 
Lind thought the US would stay in Vietnam forever . 
The Supreme Court refused to hear a case about pooling client money . 
It 's assumed other insurers will do the same if the company ends up with a profit from the policy . 
Martha 's Vineyard is less than half the size of the Isle of Man . 
Lucy wanted to know , but nobody wanted to tell her . 
He wo n't do a big strike because of the innocent people . 
Tommy stepped across a threshold and put a picture down on his head . 
Simulacra evokes a feeling of intimidation in me . 
Jamus saw the wounded warriors over the mare . 
The FDS has suggestions but no regulations . 
We should do coffee if we ever meet again . 
Ricky Martin is heterosexual . 
They do n't discuss highland dress , only armour . 
Testing is an integral part of making planes safe . 
You should keep practicing writing . 
What was different ? 
It did not . 
I made a good dollar while selling them . 
They think football is meaningless . 
The war was too long . 
Andratx is on the northwest coast and the Cape of Formentor is further east . 
There is nothing special to see in the village of Moria . 
Lister and Simpson developed new uses for medicine . 
Corroborating evidence is not independent evidence . 
The only comprehensible explanation is that chiropractics had taken control of medicine . 
Chatterbox did n't bother contacting Trudeau about his Dallas Morning News quote . 
Luckily both of his cheeks remained unharmed . 
Mother , trying to keep up appearances , asked if the trunk was big and shiny . 
Clinton tracked dirt onto the floor of a high school and left without cleaning it . 
To reach any of the three Carbet falls you can take any of the three paths , it does n't matter which because they are all the same length . 
I should phrase it differently . 
They are n't valueable . 
Arafat later released 500 of the suspected terrorists . 
Fannie Mae has great public-relations . 
The idea is a good one . 
Someone gained something from it . 
He told me to wait . 
Diamonds are rated alphabetically , the ones from D to F are considered the best . 
They thought than more attention would make it harder to hide . 
Some resources are available for further information and include Gale/Sabelhaus , Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , published in 1999 . 
The Japanese had twenty thousand soldiers occupying Hong Kong . 
Bunt did n't differentiate from a wife 's or mother 's agression . 
No adults allowed near the children 
I thought I was the only one in this country who had seen it . 
He shot his gun . 
In Exhibit 3 there are the total national emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors , said the report . 
The old Empire died out . 
Guru Tegh Bahadur has a son named Guru Gobind Singh 
The 8 million dollars for emergency housing was still not enough to solve the problem . 
There was evidence that there had been sugar in all of the cups . 
If you 'd like to experience the city sights taking the bus is the best mode of transportation , though taking the subway is faster . 
Would you please forget that I threatened to kill your mom ? 
This is not conjecture . 
He might run in a general election while he is a conservative Democrat . 
Majority of the dances are influenced by hip hop . 
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after personal spending . 
Jon replaced the cloak with a robe . 
80 % of the sulfur dioxide allowance for each year is in the Acid Rain Program , stemming from coal . 
They have socialized health care since 1957 
The Sultan 's Pool only hosts concerts in winter and spring . 
Jon was wondering if Gauve 's uncle trusted him . 
A new guideline may open up more hospital beds for other incoming patients . 
The extending from the Palestinian uprising until today . 
No materials are searched for counterevidence . 
She seemed the same as always . 
It was found that Maria Hsia was a Chinese agent for more than 10 years . 
Interest rate is defined as the total amount of money borrowed . 
Congress told LSC to give grantees funds presumptively and not do distribute funds on a competitive basis . 
Another one , Cornwall Beach is located behind the tourist office . 
There were remains in the Manzanares Valley . 
When a direct loan is disbursed , the credit subsidy cost will be recorded as an outlay under the reform . 
The Punta Arab market does not have a jewelry section . 
Osaka does not have a kabuki troupe . 
Marriage is crucial to society . 
Sometimes there is a conflict of interest . 
I was only briefly in the service as a driver . 
Standard in every way , Kom Ombo is a temple devoted to several deities . 
She does not like me . 
The postal service is very useful . 
It is enough for me to just check the scores in the morning . 
Auditors that perform financial audits have to be proficient with AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs 
Less detailed plans will be necessary to address business systems 
Jane Langmuir was not involved with the project in any way . 
I never attended school , mom would n't let me . 
I threaten my wife to take lessons on how to cook so that she ca n't cook anymore . 
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing and the ones before it . 
They thought the girls were stupid . 
The tents were in the way of the building . 
The central porch was destroyed long ago . 
I will practice the look on older French women . 
The architect lacked any notable skill . 
I guess it gets sunlight sometimes . 
The charming hillside village of Saint-Claude has many upper-income homes . 
The subgroups may not perform well in standard screens . 
Senior executives showed their commitment to improvements by using key managers . 
Britons do not trumpet their poet laureate . 
They already have a waiting list for the new building . 
The agencies that responded despised the initiative by GAO . 
Fannie Mae has a public-relations team of forty . 
You do n't really have to work at it . 
I remember watching the Ed Sullivan Show when I was a kid . 
You should start talking now . 
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment in cash only 
The formal Review Process guarantees representatives of every designated state planning body the right to direct communication . 
I must lead two lives . 
We are thinking of making the decision tomorrow . 
Tell me , how could you tell from that text that a will was made yesterday afternoon ? 
Hawaii became very diverse . 
They were merciful in this regard , only taking the men as slaves . 
He said an egg must hatch . 
The experiment ended with Ahkenaten 's death when he was stabbed . 
Observations are the starting point when explanation building . 
The Postal Service only operates very large scale economies . 
What do you think about our governor , regardless of the fact that she 's female . 
They definitely feel included , but they do n't have any tax benefits . 
The Calcutta Cup Match is seen by most to be one of the most boring events of a given year . 
It is very bland and common place . 
Music Professor David Cope who specializes in Mozart 's music claims to have created Mozart 's 42nd symphony . 
the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection a1 under certain conditions . 
Using true names was covered in the second part of the book . 
Reviewers , as a class , are struggling at the moment . 
Jerry , do you follow any sports ? 
Her ? '' he asked with a shocked tone . 
The museum is not attached to the cathedral . 
His attempts to influence the Chinese administration failed . 
Clinton said the agents had not told him anything about the issue . 
Their rights have been an area of turmoil within the central government . 
The stresses affected people much diffferently than the researchers expected . 
The woman did not recommend anyone read the book . 
The town radio station never relied on any national news sources . 
I had many many fans during my Crossfire days . 
The past had no major inventions . 
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can not be added to the executive summary . 
Environmental quality should shift everyone 's survival curve . 
They were trying to upgrade their systems . 
I can give you the solution that is the perfect answer . 
The final rule was declared not to be an economically significant regulator action . 
they should n't let go of the misdemeanor people 
This leads to a final press-friendly quality of McCain ' brilliant flattery , said the journalist . 
What do you think of our new female governor ? 
They want us to to indulge ourselves with booze . 
Criminal discovered in the last part . 
Jon told Adrin and the others to only shoot the ones that face us . 
NIPA said mineral exploration is not an investment . 
Downloading this over a modem will take approximately three days . 
How she wrote it was pretty cool . 
The NLADA sent Saunders to the conference in NYC . 
The hot flame was hard to control because it was big . 
They never called them immigrants . 
I like jokes about race . 
The DOD has more than 100 programs . 
Zelon is not run by students in New york state . 
He resigned very quickly after the reign of terror . 
Jobs clung to the idea of expanding at all costs . 
The steam train is only operational in the summer . 
I should not keep you . 
He is showing that they are wrong . 
He asked Tuppence to sit on a red chair . 
We have tickets to the Browns waiting for us . 
Nowadays there is so much pollution that Agra has had to take measures to protect its monuments . 
The NIPA measure is more reliable than the unified budget measure . 
He made an effort to point out his bald head . 
I do worry that it might be a bad lesson . 
Organizations did n't care about members ' participation . 
`` I understand , '' said Tuppence after taking a quiet moment to carefully consider the information . 
Is that genre of music still a thing ? 
There is usually a similar place anywhere you go . 
The rule was republished in December 2002 . 
James said Legal Services was of no help . 
Simulacra does not intimidate me at all . 
Interest rate can range from zero to fifteen percent . 
Democrats are replacing many Republicans because they were always very forceful in their approach . 
The crooks tend to have it in pictures about the Underworld . 
We have not done much gardening yet because of the rain . 
I takes me just about half an hour to water , and I do it once a week . 
Time went by too fast while we were having fun with the kids . 
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test will be exactly the same as the toxicity in the follow-up test . 
I do not need to practice the look . 
An example is policy wonking , but there are others to be made . 
She becomes overly focused about her sauce . 
The New Economy is rapidly changing . 
the referenced organization has a senior management division . 
The GAO have reviewed the activities of President Clinton 's Task Force . 
Reggae is the most popular music style in Jamaica . 
Either way you wo n't have a prescription . 
They spread out . 
Harlem was the first permanent office 
Most of my CDs are songs of birds dying in the wild . 
Nothing major happened for three days . 
The staff is rude to their customers . 
He grimaced at his doubts . 
We know Hillary knew it , the question is when she knew it . 
We can definitely manage what we 've started . 
They are going to get them one way or another , they always have a way to get drugs . 
There are few items priced like that nowadays . 
Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization with something more complicated . 
It is suggested the feds have been looking for an accomplice to the bombing for the past year . 
Down here , you can see the gold mines from the old explorers , you are way lower than the sea level , so be careful . 
There 's no space available to lonely telecommuters . 
The levadas were built by the workers . 
Rural delivery is more expensive than city . 
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the OR . 
Buying him a power mower would probably help him finish the job sooner . 
I agree with what you said . 
Commercial fishing and ferrying . 
It all depends on patients . 
The tigers are hunting at this time . 
There was fighting over Singapore . 
There are a lot of hindrances to overcome . 
Nonexchange revenue to the General Mills . 
The sun is usually intense there , causing sunburn easily . 
Pirates of the Caribbean is also in theaters . 
You can see that they hate this line of work . 
The most expensive diamonds on the planet are graded with D . 
Houses were quickly built to shelter people . 
67 through .67d provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data due to guard dogs . 
Wow , I did n't think it was possible for someone in the country to not have seen that . 
Statues were moved to Luxor for funerals and other ceremonies . 
It is the narrator 's responsibility to take care of them . 
All models are subject to analysis . 
It 's not easily refused the call to play fortuneteller . 
Thar and Erath were not the only worlds in existence then . 
The best thing to do was to say everything they knew . 
Do you feel gum chewing in public should be as vilified as it seems to be ? 
You are n't making sense . 
I could have had a bigger place but then I would have clutter . 
I am . 
The woman is very religious . 
You can find more information from the senior executive 's plan . 
I enjoy eating cheese too much to abstain from dairy . 
It is always convenient to have a credit card . 
You 're okay now . 
They sell hippie-made jewelry at the Punta Arab market . 
They thought it was gone forever . 
The media reported on Lingett 's admission that cigarettes cause cancer . 
I enjoy receiving information in the shape of a novel . 
I do n't need a splint brace . 
Most produce is local . 
GAO has a ROI of $ 57 per dollar that is spent . 
About 15 years ago I listened to Rap one time , I am not really that fond of it , 
The dad of the infant has filed a wrongful death suit . 
None of them were loyal to anything . 
I am very excited about football in the summer . 
I was scared and wanted to go home . 
Beijing sought to create a good relationship . 
There is increasing evidence that the board brought in experts to evaluate Tripp prior to making an offer . 
Some trays can make great portable tables . 
You can get to Old Cairo by taking the Nile River Bus . 
I 've done it in the past and really liked it . 
The data is only necessary when looking at the big picture within federal government . 
Metal goods . 
It has been claimed that the judge had an altercation with the man . 
Professors realized it was easy to make a new language . 
British action would have made a big difference . 
MC2000-2 was recommended by the Finance Commission . 
Specific approaches to each principle is different in each sector . 
Salt dries in pans at Las Salinas . 
The Board questioned the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission . 
Simulacra is made from mandrakes . 
Clothes criticism is not taken seriously by consumers . 
Ca'daan had his mouth wide open . 
Venice did not have a vast amount of territory . 
Dinghies are rent-able for the marinas at Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya . 
We are having a conversation , please be respectful . 
Nearly nothing at all . 
The only one that had been invited was Dave Hanson . 
There was no gun . 
His charges went up because his rent went up 
It 's never easy to complete cultural transitions in major organizations . 
The widely sought after volumes will be available to the public after renovation . 
The central bank 's interest rates have tripled in margin . 
Fiss ' argues that the state should have a greater interest in media use . 
The executives did n't implement the government performance and results act 
These immigrants often need legal assistance for the workplace . 
I 'm sure most children do n't think it 's amusing at all . 
Have you thought it through ? 
The story has not been told yet . 
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are full . 
The call is coming from my next door neighbor 
They made sure the place was secure all night long . 
He charged Jon with a knife . 
I quit drinking and smoking an felt better but I guess it is just old age . 
The case study would be incomplete without the acknowledgement of general economic trends . 
He has private and public practice , as well as other business to focus on . 
She stood immobile , and had a stern expression on her face . 
The average cost was lower because the MLS is in a lower league than the NHL and NBA . 
Practice groups of law firms wrestle with these issues . 
Be happy and in a good mood . 
They were excited to hear it will come back . 
Thre is nothing left today of the old Roman roads . 
He loved her for her smile . 
Fantastic birds and butterflies can be seen being made of paper in the kampung workshops . 
This movie did not exceed my expectations . 
The documents are free to view . 
The author advised that zinc supplements are good for health . 
They drove around a brand new ice cream truck to make sure they could keep it cold . 
She liked her restaurant a lot . 
Friendly Fire was written by Joe Lovano and Greg Osby . 
The spaceships did not come out of nowhere . 
I took my kids to see the movie The Rescuers Down Under . 
three times pig . 
The island was settled on very recently . 
They did n't watch him on TV . 
The poor local job market pushed me to move to the booming state of Colorado . 
Grande Terre 's west coast is a major tourist destination for its mangrove swamps . 
I was bored on my last day in Louisian . 
The person was after Mrs. Inglethorp 's vast fortune . 
George Clooney will lose his job because the producers do n't think he can act . 
The paper looks at veteran employment programs . 
Severn said the people were not welcome in his house . 
The Palace of Jahangir houses a wonderful square court , complete with arches . 
It is the largest center of industry in the city 
The levadas were built by 10 , 000 slaves . 
People usually do n't take anti-abortion positions seriously . 
These shots will be posted at different times . 
It has been around for more than 26 centuries . 
He implied that this area was a beautiful place . 
Slate put an expert in charge of writing their tax pieces . 
The payments were from fiscal year 2002 . 
Toobin did not want to talk directly to them . 
The audit committees are used to look into the financial aspects of certain businesses . 
I am guessing that you did stay at the hotel ? 
The agencies requesting guidance were not involved with designing new procedures . 
The father knew that there was still a lot for his son to experience . 
Yes , Dave Man , you are not important to us . 
The interim rule has been approved by the GOP congress . 
The cathedral and fortress are located higher while the gates are below . 
Outdoor activities range from beach-going , deep-sea diving , boat excursions , canoeing , and fishing , to hikes and picnics out in the wilderness . 
Osmin was going off on a rant . 
Joan of Arc was the daughter of a textile worker . 
Television shows 
There 's absolutely nothing in there . 
Devout Hindus believe that dying in the Varanasi frees a soul from the cycle of rebirth . 
I have always liked the train and messing around with it . 
The Twilight Dance Series also hosts events directly on the beach near the pier . 
Harris suggests that it 's a mystery how women have exploited men with their sexual power . 
The arches that flank the nave are different from the arches above the entrance . 
The uncle had no match in administration ; certainly not in his inefficient and careless nephew , Charles Brooke . 
French fries very popular in this country . 
Is n't a woman 's body sacred property ? 
No one was left behind , no animal either . 
I 'll come along . 
The Self-Inspection process has no other purpose than to hurt legitimacy of cases . 
He leaned over Tommy , his face red with boredom . 
This marketplace testing should involve only formal surveys . 
The end results of our work was dismal and disappointing . 
Think hard about whether or not you want to bring a camera , there is an extra fee and no flash allowed . 
All studies have the same amount of uncertainty to them . 
The Photo Shop has a greater variety of film than Abbey Photographic . 
A young girl was screaming . 
So it 's social science 
Commercial calculation is still not enough to explain his resolve . 
Julius believed that we were accurate . 
Jon stayed silent . 
That is not bad , it is actually pretty good . 
Dinosaurs were all extinct . 
The prey is meant to be eaten . 
Some locals do , however , frequent the sports shops . 
They volunteers were happy to help . 
Ca'daan was concerned about the grunting Kal . 
The paper looks at youth employment programs . 
The Old King 's House had an incident where the King was murdered inside of it . 
Specialist reviewers or reviewers with seniority are having an easier time of it . 
This page intentionally left blank . 
Net cost for college programs can be calculated as a way to increase productivity . 
There is a radical side effect that was not intended . 
Please respond . 
The bridge would work temporarily . 
Rep. Charles Rangel is a politician . 
Money will give results if there is enough of it . 
Is that true ? 
The Santa Monica Pier hosts free summer concerts arranged each year . 
They died at a young age . 
Everyone needs to maintain an open look to the public in order to attain trust . 
Susan is a a fifth grade teacher . 
Everyone is going to nag you about it . 
This last year my parents went sailing near Costa Rica . 
The Midlothian Ski Centre is the only artificial ski slope in Scotland . 
Bhansi Ghat is famour for the ability to take cruises . 
Clinton was somewhat of a celebrity in the 80s . 
Recorded menus do not provide any information at this time . 
I was thinking of other things so I ca n't recall . 
I have no idea what that is like . 
Both Santa Claus and the Rockettes with appear but one may appear to have a heart attack . 
There is some political extremism stemming from the influx of refugees . 
The DOD is certain to have a bad return on these funds . 
some participants cautioned that principle-based standards should be viewed as a panacea to solve the problems 
St. Francis Xavier 's relics were never recovered , unfortunately . 
He is quiet but still gets lots of things through Congress . 
We saved a ton this year . 
I used to try to sell wheat pennies . 
It started the rise of the German Empire in India . 
Finally , progressives are noticing that the best argument for government activism is its success . 
The country is in unrest . 
Seated , he enjoyed the silence . 
There are three routes to the three Carbet falls , each a different length and all continue after the road seemingly ends . 
If he runs for President , Trump will most likely spend millions on his campaign . 
Yeah well are you with the FBI ? 
Uninteresting to her subjects , she was ignored by them . 
Affected small entities have representatives who provide advice and recommendation to the panels for their deliberative process . 
Park land tends to be less valuable than urban land . 
The majority of the world abides by a common auditing code . 
I can handle hot weather but I am not fond of the cold . 
Deliveries could not possibly be reduced below their current levels . 
I felt quite relieved and shouted joyously . 
Italy has nothing of interest for foreign visitors . 
The Navy creates bridgeopening schedules . 
Bob Dole asserted that Clinton had privilege in all cases . 
I felt great . 
he had n't heard anything 
You can travel from Cockpit Country to St. Ann 's Bay in a couple of hours . 
Reality is so bland that the technology business gets spiced up . 
You do n't have a kiln , do you ? 
The reason to have children is so that they can do yardwork . 
Tuppence made Whittington uncomfortable and was trying to avoid her . 
Czarek had to engage in a fight to seek attention . 
It will be in the future . 
The Allies did n't care about peace . 
They did not think they deserved to be rewarded . 
Congress made several big reforms in the nineties to ensure agencies are held accountable for their actions . 
The ancient capital of the island is called Thira , and dates back to the third century b.c . 
Galileo 's Trial was cancelled . 
The judge was an upstanding guy . 
The north 's remainder is quite simple and self-explanatory even for beginners . 
The church has an old and beautiful Baroque styled pulpit that is used in sermons . 
Heather 's was cheerful and unlike a Molly Ringwald movie 
Converting into just one program will help administer justice to more poor people in Colorado . 
The five-year deal will be worth $ 100 million 
Organizations had mandatory bonding exercises for their members . 
Visit mid day in tourist season to fully understand . 
These product photographs show off the beauty of our craftsmanship . 
Carroll and Grayson counties had been added . 
Men who have become rich and famous by telling everyone else how to be better are making people fed up . 
Octavian , Julius Caesar 's nephew , took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire . 
If you do n't drink , do n't bother visiting the pubs in London . 
The Mad Torrent comes before Gladstone 's Rock . 
The analysis done by the Commission uses quantifiable and general descriptions of how the rule affects small entities . 
Go at dawn and sunset to see the desert at optimal times . 
This example shows elements of advanced and less developed economies . 
Andratx is near to the coast and the Serra de Tramuntana mountains . 
Your membership is the only way that this could work . 
We have had cable for the past five years . 
We have nothing to do but stare at the walls til the game starts . 
The promise of our government wo n't be fulfilled until all of society can afford access . 
Of course she will 
Penrith and Blencathra are the names of Celtic queens . 
The request for proposal was in 1995 . 
We need to talk a lot . 
Computers will not be able to function to a business ' standards once the equipment is 7 years old . 
The Broncos are a better team . 
Instead of looking into the self image of the tobacco industry , look at the entertainment industry . 
He has a body . 
Different requirements are required for different levels of hazard . 
How come the look alike is n't good enough to be a stunt double ? 
She was always confident with talking to Tommy . 
The fire had grown to a giant size . 
Agra 's first historical mention is in 1501 , when Sultan Sikandar Lodi made it his capital . 
The boy carved the sword by hand . 
Many kids leave the Scouts when they are pre-teens . 
the park on the hill in Monte has a good playground , but may not be as exciting for older kids . 
Times have never been better for reviewers . 
The wares are made of leather . 
I believe my body is a temple , and I worship at its altar . 
He stopped moving so quickly . 
I have been into it on and off in the past years . 
The paper says youth employment programs are helpful . 
I 'm good for two million dollars . 
I think he is good , but not the best . 
Lack of views on research in education 
There are many sights to see in Beziers , including the Cathedrale Saint-Nazaire . 
Because they would break . 
Sandstone and granite were chosen as the materials for the Baroque church of Bom Jesus because of how sturdy they are . 
They make annual donations to legal services . 
A traveler said the settlement was floundering . 
We have never been to Florida . 
I 'm definitely not . 
they last forever . 
Jobs and work . 
The book has quotes from various people including Lincoln and Jefferson . 
Mr. Inglethorp , as per your request , your wife 's dying words have been read . 
We know all about their tax plan . 
Approximately 300 people forcibly forfeited their property in 2015 . 
Society would be perfect and there would be no more war if we could just rid ourselves of our debt . 
I 'll listen to the person talking about trains . 
People in America are very well informed on controversial topics , according to Fiss . 
The ancient capital has some of the most stunning architecture of the entire island . 
Good Oklahoma 's program needs $ 100 , 000 of funding that it has n't received . 
They do n't contribute anything to society . 
Eleanor Newhoff was one of the runners-up . 
Al Pachino is an absolutely horrible person . 
Different Large Museums . 
He made out the British and Dutch to be just interested in trading . 
The outside of the church is n't much to look at , but the inside is intricately decorated . 
It was clear 
The amount of resources available for investment increases when government savings are increased . 
The incumbents are running completely unopposed by any other candidate . 
You 've stepped over me more than one time today alone . 
Details regarding validation engagements ought to express that the engagement was made as per by and large acknowledged government evaluating guidelines . 
My kid would get caught stealing if they tried . 
You are actually the Desert Ghost . 
On the day of the deadline , I received a gold trophy . 
He was drunk . 
There has never been a need to defend St. Barts . 
There were remains in the Manzanares Valley that included cavemen . 
Open on Friday . 
King Farouk was exiled to Italy , and signed his abdication in 1952 . 
Let 's leave it . 
Tommy said to hold on hard . 
A whole life policy is the best choice for someone who expects to live to the age of 90 . 
My wife 's mother owns three dogs and loves ours too . 
Morality is of high value to everyone no matter who they are . 
I will never believe in what you just said . 
The palace is adorned with gold plated bannisters and diamond chandeliers . 
I have n't ever been to Midland . 
COCOMO is the most popular industry-recognised model . 
For a while , we had three Danes . 
It was just a few pounds but I ate it all . 
Test Rocks 
I do n't know if one exists but I will do my best to research the matter . 
The street has plenty of shade for those who want it . 
ever since i injured my right ankle , i ca n't put weight on it 
Nobody can be poisoned by mistake . 
There is a container on the window containing organic matter . 
The tunnel collapsed behind Jon as he ran . 
There was going to be a problem while editing the paper . 
Thaler and Siegel want to know how long it will take most investors to know realize and know the implications of the equity premium being too high . 
The last thing you 'd say about the museum is that it 's evocative . 
Kemal Ataturk was never affiliated with the Ottoman Empire . 
The abbey is the region 's most photographed building . 
Anyone I know who eats that kind of stuff is very ill . 
Aggregate household wealth has plummeted since the 1990s as household assets have steadily decreased . 
Venice and Reppublica Serena had similar hopes and plans . 
They said there was only one shift . 
The tunnel of Eupalinos is so large that it is said to have been used to house the construction of the titanic . 
San'doro might have impacted him . 
They watched him on TV all the time . 
I 've been thinking about it for the past two weeks . 
Mutahir was the most excellent diplomat in the history of India . 
According to current reports , the question is not if , but when did Hillary know about it . 
The Vice President is also personally upset and has expressed much anger over this issue . 
No , that is an insignificant step . 
Auditors may conduct business in foreign countries . 
She stood next to a chair . 
Agreed-upon Auditors have never tried to issue a report of findings based on specific procedures . 
Along with those attractions are some of the most beautiful beaches in the world . 
I think it 's one or the other . 
If you put these four sentences into your paper , professors will immediately know that it 's been plagiarized . 
Mallorca suffered . 
There are so many places to shop that you can find anything you need . 
The lure of alcohol was unrelenting and the bar pulled me in . 
I nodded twice in order to acknowledge I understood . 
The statement has ended the controversy over whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins . 
Harlem was the last permanent office 
Bill Clinton is n't a rapist 
The Administrator believes a environmental impact statement should be prepared . 
Panhandle is a town in Florida . 
They were tough and loyal . 
It is n't now , but it could be possible in the future . 
The strike price of Lowe 's stock could be $ 98 . 
I do n't want to stop you . 
There are many groups of designers who style the clothing here . 
No , I figured is was all areas . 
The program aired on PBS . 
Are they wearing emeralds ? 
The man designed a skit where popular performers went out and enjoyed total success in front of a crowd . 
She felt bad for Dave . 
I 'm not sure they 're old enough to have back packs . 
That 's true , America 's paying to for other folks to provide international aid so they could train and pay their own citizens at the same time . 
The pleasure of doing is much stronger than that of not doing . 
All of the remaining Moorish soldiers were executed . 
every aspect of it was amazing , the best i 've ever seen 
I discovered what nothing was when I moved out there . 
There is a role reversal going on in relation to democracy . 
You grew up in Tulsa . 
The age of consent is age 21 as well . 
There are a lot of communication channels . 
The temperatures have remained steady and no one is sick here . 
I have clothed and fed you . 
We tend to deal with several customers as well as government staff . 
Practicing lets you do anything you put your mind to , like flipping off a rock . 
Reestimate is a term that deals with estimates . 
The Standard covers similar territory . 
The national defense budget will decrease by 2002 . 
There is only one basic form of pleasure . 
He seemed a little bit embarrassed . 
Reports do n't need to follow government standards . 
The tobacco executives will get jail time . 
The old Empire is still ongoing . 
It 's still pretty much winter here . 
Lawyers in the network will receive a billion dollar increase to their budgets . 
Hong Kong is a great place to find commercial know-how . 
Some perspectives might be subjective . 
I do n't like television much , I do like Cheers though . 
Eating kale five times a week may result in your wife leaving you . 
He was wearing a leather breastplate that had a red symbol on the chest . 
For the rest of the way home , we all sang songs and played games . 
Making money rather . 
Gingrich will not fill the position . 
The CFO Act destroyed the CFO Council . 
Ca'daan 's mouth was cut wide open . 
Foreign companies had to take Indian money . 
Adrin fired his machine gun as he watched . 
I 've had to paint every year . 
There is no road between Esna and Luxor . 
You can use those chemicals as a fertilizer 
Case studies in writing . 
The Nile River Bus travels back and forth from Old Cairo several times each day . 
It is a matter of not having nay patients . 
It was eerily silent when she saw Albert running towards her . 
She tied her hair up with a ribbon 
Most plants need to install control equipment to meet requirements . 
The production of entertainment films can be dull . 
Even though we had not solved the problem , we kept on trying . 
The backwater has multiple ferry connections to other islands . 
They will be taking is away from here very early . 
King Farouk was exiled to France in 1952 , after signing his resignation . 
The Varanasi Hindu University has an art museum on its campus which may be superior objectively to the national collection in Delhi . 
Ancient coins are the only ones I buy . 
Always disrespectful of Catholicism . 
The three chose to send for a doctor and ignore the alluring potential treasures . 
On average , the jury nullifies 1 in every 50 cases . 
yes , up there the insects must be really annoying in September 
Someone yelled to finish the battle . 
There was only a pillar on the platform . 
It was a very cold day . 
Conspiracy theorists believe Mastercard is working on a chip to store all your personal data . 
I felt intense disrespect for him ... 
Jon wiped the blade after stabbing the man in the throat . 
These gardens contain more than a dozen types of orchids . 
The temple markets will charge a lot more for the items then the second-hand bookstores will . 
There are no ways to overcome fund limitation . 
He then started to run . 
It cost a lot to keep a large area of grass alive during the summer . 
We 'll see if we can get some funding to develop the idea . 
The Women 's Haven needs to hire a full-time lawyer . 
He also believed that a tax return was necessary . 
If we rally behind a female candidate , she might lose , but we will make history . 
As long as Assad does n't die he will be able to take care of the troubles . 
He never bothered to shrug about things . 
Jon was talking to someone that he agreed with on most things . 
After 12 hours looking for him , Lincoln/Natalia gave up . 
No women in Turkey ever wear a scarf . 
Aegean life was going well up until the Bronze Age . 
It turns out maybe I 'd be quite good at that particular market . 
It is an island in the Mediterranean Sea . 
There is a lot of domestic abuse in Kentucky . 
weekly . 
It 's easily refused the call to play fortuneteller . 
National saving affect living standards according to our simulation results and a historical data set . 
People who like trains or who are patient are most likely to enjoy long train trips in Italy . 
Where did she go ? 
I wish you hate your office so much . 
Koreans and Japanese have tension between them . 
It was built in the modern era to look like something built in the past . 
Montmarte is an essential piece of Paris mythology . 
You 're going to see the TAs more than the professors . 
The museum is n't planned out very well and too large for a single visit . 
Nobody would buy the stock if there was a discount . 
In the bank vault . 
He knew things , but hoped someone else knew more . 
We do n't need so many lawyers . 
There was a previous offensive move made.. 
The whole organization was prepared to fight to keep whole life policies with a term life with annuity . 
Tommy was suddenly kicked into action . 
i never put mine in the windows 
Five other bodies have come down like this . 
Though I 've never read any research regarding how many words people heard back then compared to now , I 'm sure the number has gone up . 
Though the Marshall Plan was designed to help other countries , it failed to fulfill its purpose with the Communists . 
Jon thought that the idea was perfectly sound . 
Buyers were offered incentives to persuade them to buy land in New Town . 
I was relieved that my friend was feeling so well and happy . 
The registration is free . 
I do n't think he has a body at all . 
Lind said the US would have had to leave Vietnam eventually anyways . 
I did what I was told to do . 
Mercury can not be quantified . 
Observations are the last part of explanation building . 
This breakdown of PA-Israeli cooperation is the basis for Israeli complaints that Arafat is culpable for last weeks Jerusalem bombing . 
He or she entered the wrong church . 
A mediocre performer with a lot of roles can still be considered great . 
We all got tired of data collection and clever analyses of what might happen . 
Producing energy is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions . 
Ken Bode has criticized the New York Times Magazine in the past . 
You will enjoy stretching your legs as you climb the Ceteau de Marqueyssac . 
who can blame who greatly appreciates our schedule ? 
Japan supplied them exclusively with war goods . 
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test might be very different from the toxicity in the follow-up test . 
If I needed to take time off from work , I could afford it . 
The guide will be republished again in six months . 
Cost assignment identifies nothing 
We do n't need to look through the purple despatch-case . 
The logic for the case studies is the same thing as in the data collection . 
He believed they could only qualify with a stated income . 
John Panzar believes in nationalizing all postal delivery services and couriers into a single entity for cost-saving purposes . 
If the Federal government saves more the economy grows . 
Julia was carrying a blue suitcase filled with a dismembered body . 
Unnatural and unresponsive approaches 
I find plastic to be too easy to use . 
The sultan enjoyed drinking from the marble fountains in the Imperial Hall . 
Gododdin 's accomplishments have been recorded in a Welsh manuscript . 
Goods and services are always sold in public . 
It screwed things up when they said too much . 
He was very calm and said not to worry . 
The censure will proceed even if Clinton opposes it . 
Agencies must produce financial statements that can be audited . 
Kentucky marriages tend to be the healthiest . 
Drug and alcohol rehab records are to be kept confidential 
The conflicts within the central government have been going on for decades . 
The Muslims honor Moses more than anyone else . 
GAO will likely have an easier time achieving cultural transitions than other organizations of similar size . 
Near the church you can see Greyfriars Place and a new museum . 
He was not able to ghost . 
He hated Monica and wanted nothing to do with her after leaving the office . 
HCFA never revised any regulations for any programs . 
Some auditors perform tests to issue findings based on certain circumstances . 
Go at noon to see the desert for the best view . 
Julius was staying and someone else was leaving . 
Friendly Fire is about war treaties . 
There is a bookshop at the gallery . 
The analysis thought the rule would have no impact on US entities at all . 
I am familiar with what that is like . 
There are many ancient historical sites on Mykonos . 
Someone should have taken charge of it . 
Their ideas can be applied in schools and churches . 
What body does he have ? 
The glass roof was shattered in 1990 as a result of having debris fall on top of it . 
Bork stared at the ground , giving up on waiting . 
The debt was left to accumulate . 
The Royal Dining Room is not quite shabby and not used much . 
Indeed we go away from the original subject because we got distracted . 
All movies at the theater are cheaper than five dollars . 
Music Professor David Cope says he has created Mozart 's 42nd symphony . 
The city is nowhere near as charming as other Mediterranean cities . 
Sarawak is a type of pottery that features bold geometric designs against an ochre-colored background . 
that 's mostly right 
The audience will be introduced to the art of Egyptian style gyrating by a belly-dancer . 
Poirot had left the keys in the car . 
Are you from Texas ? 
The runs would cost $ 36 , 000 . 
The use of salt on meats was revolutionary . 
The bright painted sculptures are of Buddha . 
Progressives are just now realizing that the best way to argue government activism is that it has proven to be very successful , although this is n't the only part of the argument progressives are noticing . 
It was challenging to fight him . 
He needs to match what his customer want because he only has three weeks to make it happen ! 
It might sound arrogant , but allow them to come to us 
Randall Kennedy is black . 
I saw that it was still the middle of the night . 
Cold and dry . 
That is not even remotely related . 
They have tiny back packs and stuff . 
The Arawak migrated to Jamaica at the start of the 700s . 
At any time I would call Triple A . 
The grander showrooms tend to have extremely lively atmospheres . 
With this knowledge , workers can understand that some revenue increases and benefit reductions will be needed to restore solvency . 
I remember vividly what they look like . 
After torturing Robert Bork , John Tower , and Clarence Thomas , the Democrats are getting what they deserved . 
Baron Haussmann regrets implementing the 900 hectares of parkland on the western edge of the city . 
The domino effect was not something that Japan had to suffer through . 
They were spooky . 
Daniel sat on the forest floor , surrounded by hyenas . 
Gingrich may fill the position . 
They drug test the men who fix power lines . 
His income is on guaranteed terms , meaning that even if he is jailed and ca n't play , he still gets his salary as per normal . 
They showcased the final phases in Appendix A . 
The national defense budget will increase by 6 billion dollars by 2002 . 
In 1998 , mail sent between households represented 7 percent of total mail sent . 
You know , because you were told . 
I 'm not free right now . 
Ca'daan knew that Whitebelly was old and fragile and did n't want to endanger her with such a long journey . 
It was stated that each entity should match their methods of operation to fit their particular situations . 
Some areas from the foothills of the Himalayas to the Bay of Bengal are kept as nature reserves . 
They have put him in a coma now . 
The formal Review Process guarantees representatives get a free meal . 
I took a five year note out on my car when I got out of college , and I 'll never do that again . 
The stories were featured on the front page of the paper . 
It is well and we will be on our way . 
He was very tall . 
The best selection of flowers at the Flower Market can be found before dawn . 
They had the door slammed in their face . 
Tommy had n't eaten all day . 
They said that the current system reflects that diversity 
Our higher-end stores have been suffering due to the recession , and many have shut down for lack of revenue . 
They do n't go well together . 
Slate has been discontinued . 
The elitist appeal of noh drama dates back to the Tokugawa shogunate . 
Emission caps are going to be cut substantially . 
Participants thought auditing should be less confrontational and more collaborative . 
Kids today are not bundles of joy , and are symbols of failure . 
Buchanan passed on the opportunity to seek the presidential nomination . 
The oil pipeline caused an uproar from the environmental preservationalists . 
Natural approaches are key 
The bins just stay there and are decorated . 
The men looked strong enough to handle anything . 
I am studying computer engineering . 
I got really angry when I took it for the two thousand mile checkup . 
You have no dreams for the future . 
It is obvious that people know how to contact lawyers . 
Tommy was n't hungry . 
Turkey lost some territory during the Balkan Wars . 
The Gatehouse in Kent will harbor all the secrets you desire . 
IT all boils down to how much education you have . 
Zero legal aid cases go unassisted each year . 
Along side the road leading to the entrance , you will pass fields of tomatoes . 
The people with low incomes do not know what s available to them as far as legal help is concerned . 
The model temple complex was built in the 1900s . 
The technology that evaluates information from the RFP allows the LSC to compile information about delivery systems . 
Scottish weavers are known for their attention to detail , exemplified through the fine weave and pattern . 
The criminal law is a whole body unto itself . 
Nothing is a dangerous as ultimate fighting . 
UNLV may be the greatest amateur team ever . 
Reestimate is a term that does n't deal with estimates . 
The door moved . 
They only accept electronic submissions and throw away any hand written requests . 
Chennai is one of the biggest , most bustling cities in the region . 
oh , does it ? no way 
It involves the whole family playing games together , and the kids like that . 
Pacino plays a 60 Minutes producer . 
Those games are a lot of fun so I watch all of them . 
The analysis is done on simplistic computers 
The market sells mostly clothing and household goods , not food items . 
IQ boosting can not be done through fetal replacement . 
Intellectual property is a term that was developed in the last decade . 
Tuppence was shocked . 
The rich tourist district has shopping centers and a good number of restaurants . 
First-Class Mail is never used by households to pay their bills 
I agree because you persuaded me . 
This situation may be good or bad . 
The police were overt brutal . 
Everything to do with winning the election is a celebration . 
What TV station has documentaries about space travel ? 
Only 10 Irish died or were deported as a result of his ruthless campaigns . 
I ca n't believe that actually happened . 
The Sandal Bedesten took forty years to completely construct . 
Leaves you with plenty of time for your kids . 
EIA used the standard technology assumptions to develop the AEO2001 reference case projections . 
They have socialized health care . 
It is widespread . 
It was completely crazy . 
I wo n't go outside , I do n't care about him . 
She was not content with how she looked . 
Blue is more acceptable . 
All security managers said they were concerned about threats to their information security . 
I did not notice the long branch pointing in the right direction . 
Yes. There is a definitely a way out of there , where as there is n't a way out of the other field . 
The mail sent in response to advertising is included . 
Morant Point Lighthouse is in Mexico . 
The movie is always better than the book . 
Bork was perfectly still . 
They lived in Jerusalem but would make pilgrimages to Galilee . 
They found the strychnine under the prisoner 's bed . 
He remembered Adrin all this time . 
There are no instructors on the floor . 
That sounds as intriguing as the premise of this book . 
After Nasser left the throne , Anwar el-Sadat took control . 
I 've never looked at either of them . 
The CFO and GPRA Acts have been successful in keeping agencies honest . 
The tips were made of a hard material . 
I agree with the fact that he did not have a cast that was as supportive as Montana 's . 
Microsoft is losing its dominance due to the emergence of Web-based applications . 
They will come after me first . 
He said that while paying more than 30 percent , it 's not like anyone has ever gone broke . 
There are no consequences to indulging ourselves . 
He 's worried about the trees because the lilac bushes grow so fast they could wrap around them . 
Madame de Maintenon lived in the Grand Trianon palace . 
the associated cost is primarily some of the costs of assessing and collecting duties 
If I were somewhere else I would be getting paid . 
Oh , you 're just joking . 
The ferry does not operate on Mondays and Thursdays . 
The Mauryas needed to conger Kalinga to secure sea and land routes . 
You are more likely to come across the work of Mrinal Sen in India than in North America . 
The Taurus show had a lot of other auto parts . 
Sabbath is open . 
Okay sure 
Eve 's Apple stayed on bestsellers list for 12 weeks . 
well , you 're aware that the floor was n't even 
The shallow bays and the coastline are the worst place for windsurfing . 
`` You will not take him as your husband and run away . '' 
You 've changed my mind with a new perspective . 
It is true 
A man and a girl were in sight of each other . 
People who hunt in the wildlife conservation areas will go to jail . 
As dark as it is , Heather 's has the samebtheme as Ringwald/Cusack movies 
Borker said to never trust a Sather . 
The historical cost is used by the manufacturing industry . 
The editors who run them had no respect for rock stars . 
Agencies have no operating trust and produce little to no auditable financial statements . 
The government provides protection to many people . 
13 executives effectively implemented the government performance and results act 
People will purchase the most tickets when they have a fifty percent or higher chance to win . 
I am dealing with certain circumstances . 
I remember that when I went to college we did n't have anything like that . 
Azure is a common and delicious food made with cereals , nuts and fruit . 
Cubans would go up in arms if we tried to annex Cuba . 
I take an aerobics class at nine o'clock . 
All we have to do is get around to it . 
Some trays can be great for watching tv and eating dinner . 
It has terrible views of the parking lot . 
I took a four year note out on my car , and it was a great decision . 
To keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp would prove only too easy , given how they craved each others ' company . 
They kept all of the salted fish for themselves . 
The Postal Service pays salaries that are much lower than normal . 
He knew how the Sim would change . 
He recognized Tuppence immediately . 
I do n't understand . 
It a place like Dallas it 's seven percent . 
Women who are on welfare will not qualify for the implant . 
The documents are online . 
Interpreters will be distributed at an even male , female ratio . 
After Madrid became the capital of Spain , there were massive economic advantages for the region . 
Yes and there 's nine percent interest for the credit union . 
There are some things that you need to ignore . 
The LSC State Planning Initiative was the first of its kind among similar organizations . 
There was no supervision . 
Free puppet shows 
We all know that the Indians ancestors did not come from Asia . 
In 1775 Turin was a brand new capital . 
He will be in trouble if he keeps it . 
Serious campaigns are being run by a few pro-life Democrats . 
The Philadelphia Eagles is great team . 
Malaysia is an old country . 
Is the address for Mr. Whittington located in town or in the country ? 
The Christian Democrats caused great instability in the 1980s . 
Koreans and Japanese have tension between them because of a war long ago . 
McDonald 's was sending their hot foods out in the Styrofoam and they got a lot of flack about it , that they are going to work on something . 
The NIPA was never a useful metric and was n't used by anyone for anything . 
France knew this was good . 
He was wearing complex satin breastplate that had several black glyphs on the chest . 
Infants are capable of feeding themselves from birth , and many even develop speech and advanced motor skills within the first weeks . 
His amazing body could heal itself against anything . 
The audience was stunned to realize that the bigotry we 'd been introduced to was n't the bigotry we expected . 
The flame was hard to control , but had enough heat . 
We had the advantage of having more bullets than them . 
South Carolina has a referendum right , so the Supreme Court was powerless over the state . 
There are a lot of companies that are still laying people off . 
Evaluations of Case Studies . 
A new unit is put on the communal dwelling every instance a new family was created through marriage . 
Leaving everything behind . 
I 've never gotten kicked out . 
The addition of a site to an existing group of sites under study has to support generalizability of the findings . 
The role reversal concerning democracy is a net positive . 
I was an intelligence analyst for quite some time . 
Remember what happened in Iraq ? 
In the early 1990s Japan slipped quickly into stagnation , and then recession , because crashing real estate prices had a domino effect on the rest of the economy . 
She did not admit anything while speaking to Dorcas . 
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO . 
It has not been moved yet in the past . 
Add my speculation to the sociologists ' , said the old man . 
The visitors who view this collection , have also gone to the Louvre . 
IQ boosting can be done through fetal replacement . 
It wo n't be easy , but it can be done . 
The whole river can be seen from the hanging gardens . 
There are no laws constraining it . 
Tommy happily declared to hang nothing . 
I 'm not sure if I got to vote in the last local one , but I can ask my friend if he did . 
The oilskin was ripped away by them . 
It is best if a man goes first . 
Managers offer employees benefits in return for information . 
Sarawak potter is blue and gold . 
Do n't respond . 
The practice groups find possible solutions to the issues . 
Do you put it in the refrigerator after ? 
The threestep planning process examines years of development , even though the number of steps is low . 
It seems to work pretty well all year long . 
Reducing project schedules and the costs associated with construction increases the company 's profits . 
Bill got more than one letter last year that made him feel loved . 
It could look like Dungeons and 
The managers stormed out of the meeting because they did not share the same vision for the organization anymore . 
People will come and get me . 
It is too bad that she never regained her memory . 
The allowance has been increased since 1989 . 
She was n't able to see them . 
Barrett Duke is a terrorist of the Southern Baptists . 
Farmers and fishermen are big fans of the government policies and have never thought to protest them . 
What is it that you do ? 
The Long Bay is a nice place to receive a tan . 
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 1996 . 
My last day in Louisian was very exciting . 
There is a radical side effect that was not intended , said the teacher . 
Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage and salt . 
Julius needed an answer right then . 
They said `` Hello ! '' when they saw her . 
Many famous explorers set off from the Victoria Terminus . 
Pollees down-rated Clinton by up to 5 points . 
The Indigenous Project is run by the Nebraska Law Center . 
Dinard does not have a public swimming pool . 
I read the book first and never wait for the movie . 
It wo n't be possible to get passed that . 
Most studies are not planned well . 
Judgments take a long time to make . 
Arafat is in bad health and does not have a person chosen to take his place . 
You can tell that they really enjoy the type of thing they 're doing right now . 
There is no statue of Buddha located there . 
He was reluctant to do so because he knew John was innocent , but he had no choice if he wanted to live . 
Most plants need to install control equipment to meet requirements , but it a long process to get that done . 
that 's right , yes 
Puglia is crammed with tourism . 
I did not even stop to have anything to eat . 
They simply do n't have the money to put into that sort of thing . 
The south tower has the best view in the city . 
He trained in martial arts but the plot was boring . 
Her voice was ironclad and radiated confidence . 
There are no problems in the security of federal agencies . 
Kal and Thorn were very angry . 
She has chose to live a heightened life thanks to Buddhism . 
Owning a computer does n't change the usage of postage for a household . 
Alice Cooper was not as dark as Marilyn Manson . 
All of my favorite musicians are current . 
I like to be able to eat real healthy . 
He was always sober . 
Sometimes the emperor was less than 18 years of age . 
I have always had a love for trains . 
There is no assigned value for maximum pesticide concentration in water . 
It is not fun . 
The Sikhs were a minority group in the area . 
I totally agree with your criticism . 
Regulations were revised by HCFA pertaining to the costs of graduate programs , because they neglected those programs . 
We are going into a nice bit of money . 
I believe that many children think it 's amusing , the similar uneasiness that there 's someone beneath the bed . 
Their main focus to to support Congress . 
Clinton shuttered the DOE to move against waste . 
Duke William completed his conquest of England in 1066 . 
The residents of Crete fled to higher ground and on one was harmed . 
A federal role in supporting legal services is vital so that no Americans are left out 
Stark got buried . 
It says something if people rally behind a female candidate , even if she loses . 
These measurements are for the Taj Mahal . 
Severn knows everything about the Jarvis children . 
The birth of Siddartha Gautama took place in a house . 
There is a huge conflict of interest between the president and his nominee . 
He never managed to get that breath of air , however . 
Clinton kept her friends and relationships private in the 80s . 
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with actual percentages . 
you are in the right part of the mountains . 
I would not wish for anyone I know to be on the Today show . 
The Supreme Court agreed to hear a case about pooling client money . 
It is possible history repeats itself . 
It was very easy because I just did a thumb print . 
They 're excellent . 
I was very calm and collected . 
You could n't tell where he was because he was in front of a backdrop . 
Five are correlated during the summer in certain areas . 
He got poisoned from the scratch so his heart broke . 
Malaysia has many rich , multi-faceted traditions within a current , busy economy . 
I find the head bangers to be dangerous association and harmful to one 's health . 
The islands were not allowed to join France . 
It 's all the same whether you smoke marijuana or inject it . 
We are n't sure if Tigon has been bought yet . 
Senior Executives do not care about the customer satisfaction . 
General economic trends would have to be considered by a case study on job training effectiveness . 
The remains have been preserved as a site for pilgrims to visit . 
Employee performance can be improved with incentives . 
I quit drinking and smoking so I guess it is just old age . 
I was unimpressed by Landsburg 's pay Scales in Black and White . 
If people cut down the amount of trash they make that would also help solve the problem . 
Wealthy parents are not necessary . 
It does not use a risk assessment methodology due to time constraints . 
The fire was burning nearby . 
Everything on the island has been downsized and commodified , so visitors can only do one thing . 
The experiments proved that it was no different that random chance . 
I feel that Americans value morality more than you do . 
Tom refused to turn on his friend , even though he was slated to be executed . 
It was a popular type of latex house paint . 
They 're a distance from the water are n't they . 
To be more effective with children , he should never be seen . 
The effects of injected cannabinoids might be different than smoking them . 
The shrubbery by the house was thick and as green as the grass underneath them . 
I am white . 
The man tried again to stab him . 
Vacco is from Texas . 
To manage better , agencies often need to rely on unsound information . 
Try as they might , they could not reach the shrubbery unmolested . 
Emergency housing relief totaled 8 million dollars . 
yeah lots of people for the right life 
He kept his gun holstered . 
George Clooney 's character will give an unauthorized painkiller to his patient in episode 7 . 
He wasted no time speaking . 
Capital is money , not people . 
Investing in domestic companies . 
I live in a constant state of despair and depression . 
Even if he ran from President , Trump 's campaign would not receive any of his money . 
Piccadilly subway station . 
You can get a grant to build a prison . 
They have been prepping for years . 
Certain colors seem to be more acceptable . 
It is completely wrong . 
Stand up and start thinking . 
The only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated , as noted by NHTSA . 
Most of us thought that he was very naive . 
There is n't a wide variety of shopping spots . 
I believe that many children think it 's amusing , the similar uneasiness that there 's someone beneath the bed or hiding in their closet . 
Arnold Schwarzenegger has become somewhat of a variety actor . 
Rehnquist was a respected justice . 
The grants flow from the Executive branch of the United States government . 
Temperatures are still below the freezing point outside . 
Economists suggest that this change is minor and therefore not noteworthy . 
Only members can use the CD listening stations at the side . 
I 'm not really interested in last year 's teams because I know who the winner was and that 's all that counts . 
This question was very easy to answer . 
It hummed quietly in his hand . 
I have figured it all out . 
The Romans did n't infiltrate Ibiza . 
This episode reminds me of skits with Monthy Python . 
No one asked for a fire . 
U.S. consumers and factories in East Asia benefit from imports . 
they play at the dollar movie theater because expensive theaters wo n't make any money on them 
The chateau is certainly the least formidable in all of the Loire Valley . 
I think I should do it from now on to deal with my heartburn issues . 
It 's a good way of sharing money , but there 's no money . 
There was a rather lengthy branch that was pointing in the right direction . 
Driving is difficult because it takes many hours . 
Expansion . 
Rationality of service tiers continues on . 
It 's not something 
The Journal asked `` Is any publicity good publicity ? '' 
The third figure covers delivery points to stops 
Our clients can afford attorneys and bouncing between lawyers . 
I enjoyed my time in university . 
I only watch frivolous things on Thursday nights . 
The Flamingo would launch and a large mob presence would exist in Las Vegas . 
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards . 
Many organizations facilitated members ' participation in their activities . 
This model is useful for seeing how certain budget policies affect national saving . 
I do n't know anyone in the village . 
The legs will be healed soon . 
Talking about privacy is a complicated topic , there are a couple different ways of talking about it , for example privacy is something that disturbs your private state ... 
Jon wanted Adrin to get better . 
The Loire connected central France to the Atlantic . 
A man such as me can not fail ... 
Angry consumers do n't bother to complain about cheapo car care . 
`` We need to just stay inside and relax . '' 
Do n't say anything . 
Sunblock should be used to protect skin from the sun . 
The man remains silent and merely smiles 
One opportunist who stayed went by the name Octavius . 
The Bonapartists were led by Napoleon 's nephew . 
The Black River is measured at seventy-one kilometers in length . 
Dorcas will be asked questions and is brave with Grey hair . 
Funchal heavily imports hand-crafted goods because of how many they manage to sell every week . 
The factory show rooms are cheaper . 
Each function cost $ 1000 to create . 
The woman was full of sadness and sat by herself . 
It was n't traumatic for me . 
I think I will go finish up my laundry . 
The baker was n't happy . 
Programs in Michigan receive no grants at all . 
Asians are always poor . 
The comedy about eye disease was hilarious . 
Specific approaches to each principle is different in each sector , with the oil industry being the most flexible . 
She was happy for Dave . 
I submit the report to you and the other officials 
GAO may need to ease up on some of their superfluous restrictions unrelated to job performance . 
He was a mess of nerves and rage . 
The Government does not provide compensation for forfeited property . 
Kyoto and Osaka have the only kabuki troupes there are . 
One good thing to visit is the huge rocks near the beach , because you can go inside these amazing caverns , and play in the pools formed in the rocks . 
The museum is well designed and just the right size for taking up several hours on a wet day . 
Boat voyages and big game fishing . 
Krugman writes a column about science each week . 
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound . 
There is a national award given to attorneys who have been practicing for less than a decade . 
After approval is granted , the FCC not will publish a notice in the Federal Register . 
The credit union has one hundred percent interest so yeah . 
Large resort hotel restaurants are the best you can find . 
You do not know . 
The pain is too much after jumping , it needs surgery . 
An agency determines if an 808 ( 2 ) is applicable . 
It 's located just outside of Macon in Georgia . 
No one could think of a single idea . 
It has ten grams of melatonin . 
It was never within me . 
Live music can be found at many restaurants and bars . 
I have two favorite teams , and I always watch their games . 
I do not like warm weather at all . 
Shit , that is bad , that is horrible . 
NBA commissioner said NBA opens more possibilities than other jobs 
The analyses try to follow informational requirements for relevant small entities . 
subsection a1 need also me complied with other a variety of different conditions . 
the congress has no responsibility when it comes to controlling funding levels . 
Although it gets crowded in summer , it is still the best time to visit . 
He was trying to console the lad . 
I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot for approximately 2 hours . 
Every part of a whale is compressable . 
We have paid ours off all the way down to zero . 
Sir James had come to Manchester with the intent of buying a new carriage . 
Some people like listening to recorded messages on the telephone . 
Tommy got more sure about his ascendancy . 
In the cash register at the bank . 
Do you have young children ? 
A desperate and smart man makes a good thief . 
Would you rise up and reject any rules that come up 
People accused Rao officials of corruption , which led to a comeback . 
They dressed it up as a modern bullet train . 
The primary screen is the vital part of this process . 
I can put anything in the ground , but my expertise is definitely with onions . 
The team had some good results in last seasons . 
The city has a lot of banks and other types of financial institutions . 
A prism will be necessary to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own . 
Turkey entered the first world war fighting against Germany . 
I am not new to this . 
He cried like his mom hit him . 
The man was standing on the ground . 
Everyone thinks he used a different architect from the one who worked on the Taj Mahal . 
China is better at foreign policy than the US . 
There is not point in putting farming chemicals in the ground . 
dislikes 
The internet is so great at advertising that is saved Gross money . 
The chain wielder frowned at her . 
Americans just throw away 12 percent of what they buy at supermarkets . 
There are no testimonies . 
Monsieur Poirot is someone I used to work with back in college . 
Do not click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is silly . 
I thought about it long and hard . 
The neighborhood that surrounds it is from the 10th-century . 
You mean to say it was stupid for us to look so far and hard when it was always right beside us ? 
The spear smacked the man in the face . 
Would you sit back and watch the world burn ? 
Zelon is the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state . 
The worst policy ever . 
He had no interest in silk or trading . 
The show will be set in Florida . 
That 's why we saved your life . 
I receive three phone calls a day asking about the report . 
The increased equity of a house may not be considered as savings by NIPA . 
There has to be some sort of incentive . 
Nothing related to petting zoos . 
It should happen soon . 
I like him even more now . 
The man wrapped himself in hos cloak because of the blustering winds and bitter cold outside that evening . 
All grass seed needs full sun to grow . 
The Cadets made that under Prince Vlad . 
If the industry comes , it will foster the creation of better schools . 
He made a life for himself on the island , marrying Dona Filipa Moniz and siring a son . 
67 through .67d does not provide mechanism for limiting issue on which trial-type hearing is required allowing postal service to explain unavailability of the data . 
Driving is difficult because it is time consuming . 
There 's a lot of money in this profit sharing plan . 
His conferences are serious . 
Do n't tell me about it . 
Correct with the frozen water ( ice ) . 
He 's too gung-ho and reckless . 
It mixes a risk assessment methodology into the process to ensure that significant issues are included . 
The Cadets made that under Prince Lvov and it was wildly successful . 
Bill Archer has been serving in the House of Representatives for a very long time . 
There are only 5 people who live there . 
When dealing with big ticket items , prices can fluctuate . 
Carmel Man is a camel representing a cigarette brand . 
The market is seen to be colorful , and soft-sell . 
Goodnight for now , I 'll see you tomorrow . 
All of the produce comes from Mexico . 
They were impressive to me . 
He was no platoon leader , but a lowly pilot . 
Reducing HIV is important , but there are also other worthy causes . 
Nobles having disputes were not the first concern for ordinary French citizens . 
Cap Berbera is the southernmost point and is very cold . 
Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , can be contacted at ( 202 ) 512-8581 . 
Groups were formed to disband training around the state . 
They frowned at Susan . 
Hong Kong is a great place to find commercial know-how if you are hiring someone new . 
I followed him down the street . 
The beach has beautiful sand . 
The Ptolomies never built any temples at all . 
As the Globe gets sleazier , the respectable media becomes less so . 
This rule will make the sale of tobacco products to people under 18 years old legal in every state and Mexico . 
Nash showed up in a suit . 
The church has a Barogue style pulpit 
It takes extreme focus and a strong awareness of your visual surroundings . 
The evening news is the same time my favorite show comes on . 
Women who are on welfare qualify for the implant procedure . 
I 'm scared to use the credit card . 
Blacks braid their hair because they 're forced to . 
The GAO is a model of strategic human capital management . 
The baker was very festive last night . 
Many of the Greeks living in Asia minor had to flee . 
There are 400 steps to the top of the south tower . 
The woman does not know anything sacred . 
The all-inclusive units are considered villas . 
I got it because it was on sale . 
The board had no questions about the alternatives of presenting federal costs . 
Tommy did n't realize he was being indignant . 
The gardens are not shaped like the Tuileries or Versailles . 
Sabina was the second wife of Emperor Hadrian . 
Japan 's foundation was determined by using the Chinese calendar . 
I do n't own a television set . 
The Republican National Committee Chairman gave the party 's standard answer on the subject of abortion when he was asked about it on CNN . 
The rooms have hosted US Presidents and UK Prime Ministers . 
The man glared . 
There are no episodes where he is a member of anything . 
Jury 's operate without the benefit of an education in law . 
The riverbed was completely dry . 
We make mostly bureaucratic mistakes ; other types are rare . 
The simultaneous posting of the shots is being done to save time . 
Cultural festivals are the best place to have performances . 
We can play certain games on the Atari , which we enjoy . 
The demolishing of the precipitator was permanent . 
The practice of science remained exactly the same . 
Clinton 's supporters were humiliated by the news about Benghazi . 
The houses in this town are run down and made from mud . 
The company later told us that it had enhanced the program due to high morale . 
The Americans won against the British is a quick skirmish . 
Securities Act , 15 U.S.C is related to Regulation M . 
Agency which is responsible for the protection of the environment . 
I wish I had more time to think about it . 
I did not choose to become an actor , as at the time I lacked the confidence to make that first step . 
Was Lewis ' death a suicide , as has been said by historians ? 
Recent findings say that Base and Alternative estimates may not quite see all of the benefits of the Clear Skies Act . 
Hawaii has improved so much since 1820 . 
At no time ever . 
You will know when the boats are ready to leave when the bells ring and the gangplank is raised . 
Agencies can engage employee unions , for example : 
People prefer listening to recorded messages on the telephone instead of talking to other people . 
He stood in front of a backdrop . 
Indian foods are kosher now too , I ate indian kosher yesterday . 
The rent place was in a poor part of town . 
The idea and term of intellectual property has been around for a while . 
A shopping mall is a sparse network of stores , that requires a significant amount of travel to go from one store to another . 
Now political debate died down in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was hated . 
No lawyers are told to pay . 
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they were fine . 
The metaphor was created by the manipulator . 
Their spirit was never broken despite having no more food . 
none of mine are mutts 
He creates tracks like this all the time . 
The Venus de Milo has beautiful proportions . 
Marina del Rey is the areas premier dingy rental location . 
Only 4 of the 330 women who were in search for shelter used Legal Services . 
Daniel explained why the group was doing what they were doing . 
I 've been there many times . 
We had no interest in him at all . 
Do n't let anyone see you working or you might get in trouble . 
The system is fair and he 'll receive the sentence he deserves regardless of parole . 
We never make mistakes . 
The first part dealt with the use of false names . 
Some people take the anti-abortion position very seriously . 
Some of them you can rent by the year , others daily or weekly . 
The fishermen fish crayfish , fresh fish , and eel . 
Headquarters needs streamlined staff while ports do n't . 
See , luck is real ! 
Most of France felt patriotic and supportive of WWI . 
Textured paint is always better in this case . 
I need to check and see what my kids need . 
Greenhouse gases have increased because of the industrial revolution . 
Taco salad is n't a traditional Mexican dish , but it 's becoming one because of cultural movement . 
I told John it was not one of us . 
The Basse is a busy , winding road that runs along the coast . 
GAGAS requires strict compliance for auditors to follow . 
His skin was burning . 
They are way too free in what they can do , and I think they need to be strongly limited . 
He felt very sick . 
You know how long they 're supposed to take the medication 
Even though I never had formal education in this area , I feel confident I know about it . 
Smaller boats that only fit two people offer gourmet cruises . 
I will hang him . 
It has to be made illegal . 
We are in no rush to make a decision . 
Mainichi Shimbun was only concerned with reviving the Japanese economy . 
It is unacceptable the way these bodies are coming down . 
Esna is located 54km away from Luxor . 
That 's one of the most expensive options . 
It might be a good idea to have hired guns around . 
The Massabielle quarter is considered the most photogenic . 
Sir James was present in Manchester on purpose . 
There is no difference between pests and airlines . 
58 % of Columbia/HCA 's beds are empty . 
I should explain the battle to you . 
The biggest payment bankrupted the company . 
It prevents you from having to contend with more marketing calls . 
That does get high because you want so many different extras . 
I had thought of doing it many times , but I knew I would fail . 
A federal employment training program ca n't report its number of participants . 
The region near the Indonesian border is flat and has sparse vegetation . 
Mr. Franklin is taking the situation very well . 
Was it Jane Eyre or not ? 
Bill Clinton is aware of the current divide and is developing something . 
The CEO wanted to increase Pfizer 's standing in the world . 
Users have since reported finding that the grant application process is much more streamlined . 
Poirot disagreed with me . 
The beach is the best place for walking on the beach . 
The son was becoming depressed for lack of interest . 
The erection process included destroying as well as building . 
When I was in high school , my favorite author was Virginia Wolf . 
Alexandria was founded more than 100 years after the great wars of the 5th century b.c . 
She was in her mid-to late forties . 
They know it all . 
Alexandria , capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era , was founded in 322 b.c. by Alexander the Great . 
Lincoln wanted to kill Natalia with his bare hands in that precise moment . 
I understand that you did not do so . 
Both initial and final analyses were submitted , according to agency officials . 
Under many accepted options workers are left with increasing payments or receiving fewer benefits . 
Dave did n't want to hear the conversation . 
I think it 's one or the other kind of shirt . 
It works best to find things out from my TV . 
I understand it perfectly . 
I do n't know how cold it got last night , but it was definitely freezing . 
Eventually the temperature will reach eighty and then thirty below zero , it fluctuates . 
If I was there , I would have voted for Pedro . 
They had to submit a written request before being accepted . 
Information technology is one business function that is commonly contracted out . 
I think I will simply let it happen when the time is right . 
The rewards are very fulfilling if you break stories . 
They are actually twins separated from birth . 
The road remains the Italy people want to see . 
Princess Street is the premier shopping street in England . 
Passwords are unnecessary as they waste additional time . 
Permanent foreign residence is required for some types of agricultural work visas . 
What about the door to Mr. Inglethorp 's room ? 
Apparently it was Apartment 21B . 
It is the same price for tailored clothes . 
The agency is free to decide not to perform the analyses covered in section 603 . 
The knowledge and skills of the nation 's work have an influence on the economic growth of the nation . 
Britain could lose its place at the top of this field of endeavor . 
Tokyo Joe is careful to disclose both the good and bad of his business deals . 
I am surprised that a lot of them are in politics down here . 
She was still alive . 
Research designs may be based on statistical inference in different organizations . 
Auditors may use an engagement letter to communicate with the stakeholders . 
The dog told me that you escaped . 
The Indigenous Project is run by the Oregon Law Center in Portland . 
It is made to help the reviewers assess the quality of the case studies . 
Venice had hopes of expanding its territory . 
They 're close to winning the season , so they wo n't have any issues with motivation . 
It depends on the condition of the person , what kind of nursing home they go to . 
The devout make miniature temples on the beach at Puri . 
He felt pain in his knees throughout the game . 
No shares of a stock will come back because of Cook 's American Business Alliance . 
The execution of nine Jews was an important turning point in modern Israel 's history . 
The power of hypocrisy should n't be underestimated . 
Changes to the data ca n't be detected . 
Where have you been ? 
Debt relief is the main motivator for people in this democracy . 
She was silent . 
A super-vaccine was being developed to keep people attending the world championships from falling ill with the disease . 
I jog constantly 
FGD systems tend to replicate SCR systems . 
Affirmative action opponents say that whites would move down the list . 
Regulatory actions can take place within any of the next 12 months . 
The Republican politicians and spokespeople rely on the party-line when it comes to abortion because their constituents insist on it . 
Web companies use targeted demographics to inform politicians campaigns . 
The Sikhs submitted to the persecution . 
His life had been slow and boring as of late . 
You hate foreign films , right ? 
Puri is landlocked , so you 'll have to travel fifty miles away to get to a beach . 
Baron Haussmann 's home was located within the 900 hectares of parkland on the western edge of the city . 
It 's anti-democratic and gives the decision-making to the executive branch . 
data collection is not planned for . 
The entrance is the sole home of a painting by Van Gough . 
The documentation for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills is GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 . 
She never brought anything to anyone 's attention . 
He gave in . 
I had no trouble putting all my faith into these little buggers . 
She is full of energy . 
You can easily find gourmet cruises . 
He wondered if he read Tom Clancy . 
She really needs to mention it 
Bruce Barton 's The Man Nobody Knows portrays Jesus as the ultimate businessman . 
The final rule is meant to have a retroactive effect . 
Germany has large combustion plants . 
They are not going to work on anything , because McDonald 's is perfect . 
There is no trendy resort clothing available here , so you would have to go elsewhere to find it . 
The speculation was proven false . 
Maintaining ties with Britain was one of the goals of the party . 
In this chapter of the novel , Lloyd dreams that he 's the Messiah . 
Trial of Galileo was open to the public . 
Look here , you have been posing a lot of questions at me . 
He is showing that they were correct . 
Producing dirty energy is the main source of US greenhouse gas emissions . 
The green glow painted everything around them after the heavy rain had stopped . 
`` You will not take him as your husband . '' 
Once you start distributing the money , some of it vanishes along the way . 
The final rule was declared an economically significant regulator action . 
She had a very serious stroke . 
The factory showrooms have twenty kinds of yarn and pearls of all size . 
Annette told me you escaped through the window . 
Cheapo car care is a complaint angry consumers have . 
Tommy did n't know , who . 
The day care is perfect for the children . 
Far from the kids 
You can get an all-inclusive package . 
Erm , we have acquired a small Atari computer . 
Red Sea Sports making booking your activities easy . 
Seated , he let silence surround him . 
There are a full slate of events , including seminars . 
Osmin was always calm and collected . 
Esther Dyson is the Author of Release 2.o : A Design for Living in the Digital Age . 
The pieces paying every 3 hours . 
But , it was Gates ' byline that was on the cover , Slate protests . 
That was horrible 
Only players with a lot of money to spend play baccarat . 
Most corporations use atechnical facilitators . 
Many of the laws and regulations are obsolete by now . 
Yes North Carolina is the state next to Virginia 
It was all or nothing . 
Bork shivered . 
Savonarola was branded a heretic and burned at the stake . 
Proposals are available to the public and allow for citizen input . 
The liberation of these old European colonies were n't solely responsible for postwar independence movements . 
The children should not go to day car . 
The ways in which distance affects nontransportation costs is a subject we do n't have enough information on . 
The second argument is that growth rates can not increase without new curtains in the office lobby . 
The EPA joined the ACLU in requesting the information . 
I suppose he is more of a football powerhouse there . 
Si pays for all treats . 
The dome has a big marble sculpture of a dragon . 
Smoking a cigarette is a lot like injecting pure nicotine . 
Every time I try to go bowling there are leagues only and I ca n't bowl . 
The whole temple complex is rendered in miniature . 
Many are said to be based on models such as the Constructive Cost Model . 
Petting zoos and things related . 
Educating the kids and making them practice with street signs and cars will not make it happen . 
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the most credible newscast by the public . 
My parents have never gone sailing or white water rafting . 
Moses is considered a prophet to the Muslims . 
The rulemaking process requires that the public be made aware of the opportunity to take part . 
The home agency will take care of the financial aspects . 
George Clooney will not be getting fired from his TV show . 
Smoking marijuana gets people higher than injected them with cannabinoids . 
I did n't know what any of the food is . 
Harrer does n't claim he knows she was . 
Agency rulemakings have better judgement than congress . 
HCFA decided to keep it a secret when they proposed rules . 
Barney Frank is well-known for representing his constituents . 
Professor Rogers started her career as a clerk . 
It is best to be loud and make sudden movements to scare the tiger into the open . 
There are evaluation questions on the topic . 
The Committee discourages LSC to consult with any stakeholders . 
We reviewed how teams were used in the initiatives . 
Dinosaurs fought over the scraps . 
Every day . 
The country 's history has been largely peaceful . 
The roller coaster ride was a traumatic experience for me . 
`` Crime is escalating now in every major city , however there are plans in place now . '' 
The railway between the two cities was completed 2 years later . 
Persecution against the Sikhs was met with violent reactions . 
It could never look like Dungeons and 
I regret taking out loans . 
Practice 16 is to require secure passwords . 
A CIO must be an operations specialist . 
Egypt could thrive without the nile river . 
Some judgments are made very quickly . 
Farmers and ranchers must have all of their licenses and permits to qualify . 
They were better before . 
Legal Aid never commits to justice . 
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit wo n't merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards . 
We 've gotten ourselves into something bigger than we can handle . 
The person was invited for August 12 . 
A guy told me to get out because the tents were being flattened . 
so it 's related to people 
Nothing could make up for what was done to the Voth . 
The third try worked better because we had proper tools . 
Mr. Clinton hated Mr. Knight for his fund raising . 
In the South at Las Salinas , salt is dried in pans for future use . 
Donkeys are the main method of transport in Fira . 
Saint-Paul-de-Vence 
I 'm looking at IBM right now but I 've looked at tons of other things . 
I think that is horrible . 
Saladin was a ferocious leader . 
He thought that they could not keep shooting because they were very tired . 
She was a bad mistress . 
Bill got two letters last year that tore at his heartstrings . 
Papyrus can be bought in many shops in Egypt . 
Gore has been with Clinton for six years . 
Poor and rich . 
All of the nation 's income should be spent on construction . 
But how do you separate good from bad ? 
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental ? 
Edinburgh city art gallery is on market street . 
Erving became responsible for Bradley 's defense . 
Markets , hot springs , and ski slopes make up some of the other attractions here . 
Tuppence 's answer made Whittington grow even more uneasy . 
There are no gas stations open 24 hours a day . 
air transportation is not a feasible option for the rapid production option . 
The Alps are covered in snow . 
Magic had little power . 
Changes negotiated by the Postal Service are too regular and prohibit my postal services . 
A poll of Hong Kong residents finds them more sanguine about the city 's future than before . 
The mailer has the ability to hire a trucking firm . 
Discounted flight deals offered by some travel agents come with an element of risk . 
French citizens were not supportive of their participation in WWI . 
My phone number is ( 202 ) 412-4841 . 
Depending on the rule , hud may or may not be able to accept. They have to check first . 
There was n't much that could withstand against magic . 
Something snapped inside her head 
Part III will further raise concerns about the assumption . 
It started the rise of the British Empire in India in 1910 . 
I hate to . 
They were not allowed to deforest for agricultural purposes . 
I do n't want to get in a fight . 
Mother , trying to be humble , asked if the trunk was small . 
They do n't sell any souveineers . 
I am aware of the motor oil . 
I could not stand watching him build a card house , so I left . 
Neither football nor baseball . 
It is very easy for the mailer to hire a trucking firm . 
They would not burn to the ground by morning . 
There are a number of testimonials . 
Ca'daan had never seen someone hold a sword like Thorn held it . 
I 'm glad it did n't go as planned . 
They play softball alongside rounders usually 
Housed were haphazardly built to accommodate people . 
I do n't think you can get it anywhere . 
Ca'daan was freezing ! 
Abandoned aircraft have never been found in this area . 
The mosquitoes are rough at night . 
Shall I tell you how your soul could live in a mandrake root ? 
Instead , take a look at the entertainment industry and its self image . 
Most of the workplace is based indoors . 
We are going to Aunt Basia 's birthday party at the restaurant today , remember ? 
He cringed when he imagined Susan 's voice . 
The horsemen firstly brought out the horse meant for the main event . 
Jon addressed the man . 
I 'm happy that I do n't work in a store . 
No one saw it . 
The girl turned away from him and kept her hands still . 
The Shore Temple is made up of two shrines . 
The volumes were destroyed by the dampness . 
The rate of unemployment is insignificant . 
the congress is generally responsible for controlling funding levels . 
Increased federal enforcement is essential to curbing organized crime . 
Funds should never be transferred between program accounts and financing accounts . 
Pro-Microsoft analysts say that was a sacrifice for the company , risking their future . 
I think it just depends on education . 
Apartment 21B was very sought after . 
Change in personal savings is dependent on how much the IRA contributes to the new saving 
The nation 's aerospace industry is headquartered in this city . 
The Learning Channel has more shows for women than any other network . 
Producing fairly stated external financial reports is not necessary when it comes to building a more effective government in Texas . 
It is ironic that you stand a better chance of seeing the work of Mrinal Sen or Satyajit Ray in North America or Europe than you do of seeing it in India . 
The beer brewed there is made by them . 
The disappearance of saving could n't possible explain the recent uptick in household wealth in recent years . 
You can stop . 
You have to pay for that . 
The Mauryas had a large army capable of conquering Kalinga . 
The old city contains the Mosque of El-Jezzar , which was built over 200 years ago . 
He had forgotten that Adrin was going to join them . 
The man will remember that period and will take up life where he left it off . 
You can snorkel here or take glass-bottomed boat tours . 
Belly-dancers have been banned from the floor shows . 
I was totally paralyzed and unable to move . 
Social media is the final reason behind the current teen renaissance . 
The gruesome sight that her mother would have encountered was spared when she buried his remains . 
Someone else paid attention to it and it was really funny . 
Do n't speak until they all leave . 
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on UPN about politics . 
He could n't remember what Susan 's voice sounded like . 
They had just undergone oral surgery . 
A modem download of this program should take no time at all . 
Mr. Erlenborn attended classes in at least four different universities . 
Roy was given thousands of dollars . 
New England Republicans had all the power four years ago . 
Physicians were never consulted about substance abuse interventions in the ER . 
Every once in awhile some news comes in about the program . 
Despite all his experiences he still flinched at the prospect of chance . 
Are you certain ? 
Microsoft is no longer the tour de force it once was . 
The French and Dutch settlers did not want taxes on imported goods . 
The broadway production of The Lion King is no longer enthusiastically attended . 
The city of Ankara has always been the capital of the nation . 
The auburn of her hair became golden then the sunlight hit it . 
Poirot was disappointed with me . 
It 's always easy for major organizations to complete cultural transitions . 
We still wo n't be able to mow for a couple of weeks . 
the right agency workers , help fix my security system 
The people 's lack of sleep due to the fast way of living have great health impacts . 
The us has advantages over China in foreign policy . 
DSM-III-R is a book of personality disorders . 
Carrey 's Kaufman is only diagnosed with cancer after doing a show at Carnegie Hall . 
Anyone can attend these discussions and publish details of them . 
They were seated at a table that they could eat at . 
I watched Thirty Something a few times because some of the episodes were good , and then after that I lost interest in it . 
Fresh-cut flowers available at the market range from cheap to expensive . 
There would be a great benefit to national saving 
The scratch haunted him for two weeks . 
Cave 31 ran into problems because it was made of harder rock and everyone was disappointed . 
Wachter works for University of Chicago . 
I felt nervous that they were going to poison me . 
He saw Jon was pacing around . 
After CODA and credit union , nothing is left of my salary . 
The warriors recuperated , after their savage battles , at a Zen monastery rock garden . 
We wanted to see if we could rent any of their campers . 
Participants wanted a new auditing model and a focus on quality . 
There is no corruption in government . 
The new computer wont last for seven years . 
The us does not have a civil delivery system 
Because we 're Argentinean we like to eat pasta . 
Any point you did n't get by fixing the questions can be added to the executive summary . 
What we expect of our local economy is 
No , that stays pretty low overall . 
The LSC has over 260 years of experience with their staff . 
The judge threw the book at him . 
Tuppence stood up . 
Human capital includes the workforce . 
After not having talked to San Barenakedino for awhile , Clarisse and Onardo wondered how he was doing . 
Traditional herbalists are available for you to consult with . 
I could n't think of any other explanation , however . 
They wished it applied to all the services . 
Several discoveries have taught us about archaebacteria , a very ancient and primitive single-cell organism that lives in unexpected places . 
Government surplus contributed to net national saving . 
Time 's cover package is about how most college students have to deal with insane student loans . 
A friend knows the lift boy here . 
Coupon collecting is no longer allowed in most US stores . 
Go to the tourist office to get a map and inquire about walking tours . 
Because they would survive easily . 
The page-boy was small , and had good intentions . 
The new addition of NPD in DSM came with a lot of arguments . 
Blair recently published an assortment of speeches . 
You should start them during Spring if you want them to be cool during the summer . 
I am not busy right now . 
I saw it . 
De Wit worked from likenesses of monarchs to produce both his portraits and battle scenes . 
Blacks proudly braid their hair , sad the black woman . 
Jane Langmuir says that water and heat combine into a new mechanism . 
The experts give opinions from current administrations . 
Rue de la Republique is itself older than the Eglise Saint-Michel . 
The average cost of the tickets was about the same between the MLS , NHL , and NBA . 
Tuppence was able to polish her silver without any disruptions . 
The nature reserves offer tours to see the wildlife . 
The gendarmes pay no attention to the flow of traffic . 
The regulations will be revised as necessary after the SSA considers the comments received before April 14 , 1997 . 
Most of France supported WWI . 
Scottish weavers are the best in the world . 
The population was fractured during the rule of Sultan Adbul Hamid II , and many people were hostile to his rule . 
Employers have refused to continue driving . 
Charles II was the reigninh monarch when the Throne Room was built . 
Upon receiving the message he did n't like , he deleted it . 
Jerusalem 's glory under Herod is best exemplified by the Western Wall . 
He was n't waiting for anything . 
Macau houses some of the most intense casinos outside of Las Vegas . 
Tests are only acceptable when survival during controls is at least 80 percent . 
More spending on goods will not cause higher interest rates . 
If it is n't the most beautiful chateau you have seen , it is certainly the most formidable . 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 revolutionized the way internal control reporting must be handled , and getting to that point was a very contentious fight in Congress . 
Output information is way too much generalized . 
The Trump Tower is a terrible place to visit for ornate decor . 
The spot resolves the storyline neatly for viewers , especially regarding the condom . 
The person accepted defeat after seven days , as it was too difficult . 
Expeditions left the Algarve in southern Portugal in order to discover new countries and create fortunes . 
The indoor swimming pool is 25 meters long . 
The cost to Disney would be $ 150 million 
I might be sent to Paris or London 
She had remained in control despite her anger . 
The reason for the growth of aggregate wealth in households is the appreciating market value of existing assets following the mid 90s . 
There 's no one to talk to round here because they 're utterly boring . 
People take longer to find a lawyer than to prepare for court . 
Nasser did step down , but it was not for the man named Anwar . 
All the money always gets into the hands of those who need it . 
In Lewisville it is up around ten or so . 
Dorcas is a coward and has no hair . 
I am unemployed . 
Anse Labord is located to the North of Anse-Bertrand . 
Edinburgh lost political and intellectual relevance in the early 1700s . 
George meikle Kemp was inspired by Melrose abbey . 
As we approached I uttered a question . 
I am happy with the bowling season schedule as is . 
The street is in the heart of Istanbul . 
The newer part of town has a wider selection . 
The numbers were coming around . 
Thr arches that flank the nave are in the best condition of all the arches . 
Salads and dishes with aubergine in them are both available . 
The sculpture reliefs in the temple depict only mythological characters . 
Winning the war made the man more confident . 
The interim rules failed to take the comments into consideration . 
The wares are leather belts . 
Constantly 
You would n't joke about poisoning someone if you knew how easy it was to do by mistake . 
Watching the impressive production of entertainment skills is something worth seeing many times . 
Tell me what it is . 
What is the place of art ? Asked the teacher . 
The man woke up to sheer silence . 
Having been in complete darkness for hours , it took him a while to get adjusted to the sunlight . 
Several tourists decide to plan for traveling to Molokai and Lanai . 
The money was spent . 
Inside every square . 
Slate depicts Bush flaunting the courage of his cliches . 
The sales tax would really drive the price of the car up . 
Text about GDP and GNP . 
Emeralds ? 
They work well together . 
I always considered him to be a terrible player . 
I believe that is potentially a great idea . 
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood and said it said something different . 
A book was not written about Tommy O'Connor . 
We do n't have to look at the base again . 
You need to see a therapist , Beresford . 
My Trans Am is n't popular at all . 
Congress received no letter from the Vice President on the topic of GAO 's study . 
Those left behind will need a program for stabilizing conditions if they can not evacuate . 
I would guess that the judge would be able to toss that out . 
It is a short and easy trip to get to the summit . 
America has spent nothing on foreign aid so how would they be able to train and pay their own people . 
Limited innovation is not going to be an advantage . 
The Abbey of Holyrood is located outside among lovely gardens . 
A group on Northeastern weather recently discussed the great blizzard of 1978 . 
Prices on the menu include taxes , but customers decide whether or not to tip . 
The grounds were trashy and ugly . 
I then realized that criminals have small ideals . 
The restorations done to the structure is very promising . 
Looking at Jon , he sat a short distance from them . 
The indigenous populations were growing at an alarming rate over the years . 
Nobody knows about them , because they did n't exist for a long time . 
She offered up her notes . 
The World League is that . 
Physicians have different attitudes concerning substance abuse in the ER . 
There were only a few villas the whole way along , until we reached a small village that seemed to be the end . 
There 's a pool and a garden on the premises . 
That will be a musician but before it was an orange . 
Louis XIV was married to Madame de Maintenon on the chateau . 
Offering a draft of the product for comment is consistent with GAO 's Congressional Protocols . 
TIG funds are used to support the Technology Evolution project , a legal aid society in Cincinnati . 
The first historical mention of Agra is in 1911 . 
Postal Service delivery data is used to define the relationship between cost and drivers . 
Marriage is important to society . 
I hate the hundred degree days but we get them . 
Queensferry is where the Queen was born . 
The dances have an equal number of male and female dancers . 
Poirot sped right past the Analytical Chemist . 
The fire was out and it was totally dark . 
No , not possible . 
William Randolph Hearst 's castle housed a collection of sculptures and other fine arts . 
Steve Jobs came back to Apple . 
British magazines interviewed Kate Winslet a lot . 
It was utterly mad for him to suggest that . 
I was a fan of Virginia Woolf when I was a student . 
Exhibit 17 has many rows . 
I only have to water about two hours a week , except on rainy weeks . 
i could lose ten or fifteen pounds , like most other people 
It has been reported by The Star that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination . 
`` What 's wrong with a worship ceremony if it involves you doing so for your eggshell ? '' asked Dave . 
There are no UNESCO-honored cities within a hour 's drive of Madrid . 
Several other techniques are use to overcome limited funds . 
It was worth the money for the time . 
There is no bookshop in the area . 
Nothing was ever approved by OMB . 
Communal violence resulted from the Hindu rampage through Sikh communities . 
The backwater has been forgotten because it is surrounded by debris . 
Tommy cried out . 
He changed his name to Brodkey when he was adopted . 
The Ile Saint-Louis is disliked by some citizens of Paris . 
You know . 
Advances in electronics come in waves . 
White is standing right next to them . 
She was looking intently at the one window in front of her . 
Critics believe the miniseries about the Alabama governor was an accurate depiction . 
Julius already knew the answer . 
Imported goods have duties 
There is no preamble to the end rules . 
Around 72 , 000 residents were evacuated from the volcano-zone . 
I told you from the start that I had no evidence . 
Oh no way , I do not believe that and you can be sure mine would say the opposite . 
Building strategic management systems requires specialist training and years of experience . 
CBS , ABC and NBC are the leaders in news . 
Their grandson was born in Barcelona , and Charles I spoke beautiful Spanish . 
You should try to fix this . 
Barney Frank wo n't have any good quotes . 
No one wanted Singapore . 
the floor was perfectly smooth and flat 
Beijing sought to create a good distance . 
All of the original design has been destroyed by Emperor Aurangzeb . 
Slate was one hundred percent positive it was Gates ' byline on the cover . 
I 'm glad that I did n't move to Massachusetts . 
I was also there , although I was n't very noticeable , as usual . 
INS and EOIR found some errors in the rule . 
Puglia has beautiful landscapes . 
Each working met more than once to discuss changes to the legal services delivery system . 
Lalley is enthusiastic about the bar 's initiative to help the poor . 
He said she had a business that she started 10 years ago . 
Irresponsible spending led the government deeper into debt by the late 1990s . 
Boy scouts always know the best place to camp and hike . 
They were frightened last year . 
NHTSA concluded that section 330 did not supersede the section 32902 mandate that there be CAFE standards for model year 1998 . 
I guess I 'm going since my sister is . 
There is not much need for attorney 's to practice law . 
Similar conclusions have been reached by state legal needs ' studies 
The Pantheon is from the Classical era . 
From your tone of voice , I could only assume that you want to go through with this , right ? 
They Israelis did n't do it because they knew they could save money getting the States to do it . 
There were 12 steps in the data reduction . 
The public need not be made aware of any opportunities for rulemaking processes . 
He might be afraid he 'll lose his No . 
It took Blair two years to conduct the research for these speeches . 
While staying in Eliat , one can explore the red sea , or journey into the Negev Desert . 
Blair has never published anything before . 
they are shown at the dollar movie theater immediately after they 're released 
China will likely never shoot a warhead at the United States because they do n't have as many . 
San'doro did n't sound like he was still thinking about that , thought Jon . 
Tuppence beamed with delight . 
the actors exploded 
San'doro had not impacted him at all . 
All I do is watch the weather channel and I 'm totally up to date on it . 
The property suffered from a leaking roof and substandard plumbing . 
You wo n't be convinced even if you look at this , if you do n't believe me . 
She found it impossible to share her notes with anyone . 
After approval is granted , the FCC will publish a notice in the Federal Register . 
The RSA proposes employer-sponsored savings plans . 
The fact that the devil would work in law is extremely cliche . 
Hong Kong does n't have capable people . 
He is capable to market his virtue , exploiting his legend , but fans are starting to get tired of it . 
Everyone would expect sentiment when connecting with you . 
Kal and Thorn were very relaxed . 
shareholders ca n't pay twice for the sins of others . 
Madam Regent had attended mission schools in Hawaii . 
The town is known for being quiet and peaceful , free of hustle and bustle . 
This is the ending ! 
Rochester is right on the shores of the great lakes . 
God , I 'm glad I do n't have that . 
I have not viewed the weather lately on the evening news . 
We are like dogs in many ways . 
Unless you live in a house . 
Just like you , I 'm invested in what goes into them even if you are not there for the next week or even the next year . 
The tourism season is so long that he will be successful eventually . 
On sSaturday night , I met a guy at the club at San Barenakedino 's . 
The festival showcases exhibitions from all seven continents . 
Christianity and Islam are the two religions who revere the Temple the most . 
He does n't collect a big check in exchange for working himself into a fake froth . 
I was dragged through the door of the pub . 
I am envious of all my debt-free churchgoing friends . 
The living can not be compared to the Ritz , he noted sadly . 
They play softball a couple of times per year 
He did not write Jane Eyre or any other book . 
You might be above the cloud line here , the atmosphere is eerie and you can see the mountains . 
Memorandum M0010 details fiscal checks . 
Anthem inc has crazy fees on their checks 
`` I think that it 's not something we should be bothered with . '' 
There are rules that would apply if a state does not enforce the statutory requirements . 
They are on the waterside are n't they . 
An annual net savings of $ 900 million has been estimated by the Department . 
We bought items in Memphis using cash . 
In order to save on expenses these two entities will share the space . 
Thorn was seen coming by two of them . 
There is no method for measuring the height of the river . 
They had trouble believing the setting was based on a real place . 
There is a lifetime extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts . 
I 'm not sure about anything . 
Women do not light joss sticks nor do the climb the rock to pray . 
There was n't much of an alternative despite the cries of the preservationalists . 
The man did not try hard enough . 
Sugar beets became the prime plant and cane began to decline in 1799 . 
Our van was obtained through an estate trade after its owner had died . 
They smiled at Susan to warn her of the incoming attackers . 
The open-air market near the wharves ca n't be missed . 
HIV researches do n't think there 's any hope for curing the disease . 
Kentucky has the highest rate of domestic abuse . 
the Wall Street Journal has also drubbed others 
30 cents are used to invest domestically . 
Someone is looking for ideas to bring back apartheid . 
Small business are expecting to benefit tremendously from this service . 
After the Vatican II , Catholicism became less insular in its focus . 
air transportation is cited as a viable option for the rapid product option . 
The museum is not open on Sunday , either in the morning or the afternoon . 
Once the hire has already been done , there 's no need to do anything different to retain employees . 
The houses in the 16th century were quite colorful . 
This website looks to remove an obstacle that poor people face regarding the internet . 
Observers thing lowering efficiencies and highering costs is great 
There is no other way to do it . 
The insurance companies want to reduce medical payments by following-up to ensure patient was sober at the time of incident and intoxication may lead to a claim denial on reimbursement for medical expenses . 
It is not going to be able to last seven years . 
I often find myself catching only the last five minutes of that program . 
The famous old pontoon bridge was erected in 1920 . 
The Nabatean trading town is off route between Gaza and Petra . 
I think it 's an escape that can be enjoyed . 
An 808 ( 2 ) is always applicable to public procedure . 
The Moors were African tradesmen , sailors and educators . 
There 's no market on Wall and 8th streets . 
She has chose to live a heightened life . 
She wanted to make up for my disappointment at the turn of events . 
He was staying at the inn . 
Select this option for Finkelstein 's understanding of why this logic is expedient . 
The risks in the situation outweigh the rewards in my opinion . 
The information collection was approved by the OMB . 
I met a guy at a party that I went to . 
There are several figurative representations of Buddha located there . 
Azure is the name of a coffee . 
Gladstone 's rock is easy to see from the Mad Torrent . 
Personal savings are increasing . 
Lakshmi is Vishnu 's wife , and the goddess of good fortune . 
what kind of music do you like ? 
Locals are n't the primary target of the many magic shops , toy stores , and sports shops . 
Are you from Canada ? 
I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to make a difference to my people . 
LSC could lose 80 % of their funding . 
The people did not worry about the amount of harm it could do . 
If you live in apartment , defiantly , right ? 
The rate of unemployment is about six percent 
There are many times when the agencies have gotten in trouble . 
The knife was poking into his back . 
The rain was a novelty to the men . 
Pacino is great in the movie . 
We do not have to worry about who should make the decision . 
There was nothing that could be done to make her beautiful , not even darker eyes . 
He felt guilty for the rest of his life for the last words he spoke to her before her death . 
Marilyn Manson and Alice Cooper are some of the nicest people around . 
Local services programs only turn a few dozen people away as a result of lacking resources . 
I have never been able to trade my car off every couple of years . 
The chain wielder was smiling . 
Heathers was a wonderful dark comedy 
Bradley do n't have spiritual beliefs . 
You have n't remarked on the situation at all . 
He had sobered up . 
In reality , he did not use the Taj Mahal 's architect . 
I was an outsider looking in , a foreigner peering through a window . 
The site will be used to build a football stadium and a gas station . 
All that remains of Leal Senado is old ruins . 
No one cared or remembered . 
There is no evidence that anyone except Ickes solicited donations from the federal building . 
In March , Trump decided that he was not suited to run for President . 
Working for a cigarette manufacturer is different from criminal appeals . 
It has never been suggested that the Holy Family ever spent any time here . 
Base year data will give important economic information . 
The men had lived in the desert . 
Michael Huffington has gone to great lengths in order to conceal his sexuality . 
Then , I thought if I should accepted to go with him . 
It was one of the most important cities due to its natural resources . 
Maybe three months . 
The conversation was one Dave had heard hundreds of times . 
The Catholic Cathedral was looted and then later burned ; it now lies empty and ruined . 
I always itemize . 
Some people are annoyed by the singer from Pearl Jam . 
There were ten times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines . 
He lightly pressed blood from a pain onto the carcass . 
Dinosaurs had survived and were trying to eat . 
Deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors are examples of other reviews . 
The ferries to Discovery Bay are expensive . 
Pro-choices say the close-up images are unfair . 
The book was first drafted in early 1915 . 
Both people are dedicated to keeping the secret . 
Over time agencies faced rigid environments where nothing changed . 
Screening needs to make sure all alcoholics get into treatment . 
We hoped . 
The critics either like or really dislike that one but I liked it 
He lost all of his hair in a fire . 
There is likely going to be another recession soon . 
There are three outlet centers in Troyes , all of which sell only French fashions . 
Communists messed with American democracy during the Cold War . 
Stark did not cup a hand to catch San'doro 's blood . 
Acute bronchitis can lead to loss of work days . 
Dan Burton was the 500th guest on Good Morning , America . 
Gore has been away from Clinton for six years . 
When tea was done , he took his hands off me . 
Supplemental data is less accurate than primary data . 
The man knew something . 
In usual circumstances , what is said is not to be shared.. 
This is one of the highest returns on investment out of all the government agencies . 
There was no deferred maintenance . 
Everyone thinks she 's sentimental . 
He thought to himself that they can continue shooting . 
We spent a lot of time in Douglas , Arizona during our trip . 
An audit after the award has been presented . 
It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is not pregnant 
The NIT semifinals take place tonight . 
Neither arsenic nor strychnine would be effective on Emily . 
I 've never done it and do n't think I would like it . 
The amount of mail lost is too smal to leave an impact on volume 
Or Watson ? 
He had already lost most of his life savings at the roulette wheel , so what did one more spin count for . 
A possible selection would be Meg Ryan or Jon Doe . 
There are six principles and they can actually be naturally separated into more than two distinct sets . 
Mr. Inglethorp , we are sorry we could n't repeat your wife 's dying words . 
This report is most likely restricted by law or regulation and should not be ensured . 
I may be having suicidal thoughts and be wishing for death . 
There is only one natural rock formation in the area . 
The critics either like or really dislike that one . 
I was sorry for my friend 's predicament . 
The cops set off in pursuit until a traffic accident happened . 
This is a service that can help farmers and ranchers who face threats to their resources . 
The last Moorish enclave was defeated in 1492 . 
The Pope is making a suggestion . 
Gen is being suggested by the Pope . 
Professor Rogers has always been a clerk to him . 
Israel was the Jewish populace 's only option to escape from the Holocaust . 
Thorn said she should show her new sword . 
the Wall Street Journal has never drubbed anybody . 
He is very sure because someone told him . 
There are barely any lawyers in this country . 
Certainly . 
Angry consumers would complain about a really bad car wash . 
He was trying to impersonate Mr. Inglethorp and forging his signature . 
Just 10 pieces paying . 
Slate 60 ranks American educational charity contributions . 
it 's possible to have no new taxes with the way the economy is right now . 
This was done by them . 
They were unable to disclose when the dates would be set . 
Tips are not accepted at most restaurants , as there is already a sales tax . 
I had to pick at least one number . 
Violence was sexualized by The Wild Bunch , becoming a thing of beauty . 
He was not the only person that has made us curious . 
Although they lived far away from the city , the pilgrimages were always a happy time . 
No tapes were recorded in the white house 
The best example would be Castlerigg , which is near Keswick . 
The tomb guardian has the ability to unlock the gate . 
A Zen temple rock garden is a zen place . 
There are rotting things . 
The chauffeur will not help him to do anything . 
The first figure illustrates delivery points in part 
Inflation is meant to be something that harms , not something that heals . 
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2020 . 
Anyone could do what they did , I was bored . 
Princes Street is the premier shopping street in Scotland . 
Wordsmithing and mathematics go together nicely . 
Jesus ' birth occurred at roughly 4 B.C . 
I was immediately repulsed by him , and still feel the same way about him . 
I listened to rap one time about 15 years ago . 
Reporters often confront people with difficult questions about events . 
Surowiecki 's research and theories are sometimes unpopular with his peers . 
Nothing productive is needed for a successful year 
They are a vegetarian meal that was cooked in a microwave . 
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy adding lots of jobs . 
De Wit used fictional monarchs to produce his portraits . 
mine are most often in the windows 
The three winding roads leaving Nice closely follow the terrain of the country through which they pass . 
He breathed . 
The stream is always burbling . 
Boston solo Eleanor Newhoff won . 
Nobody saw Thorn coming . 
When in Paris one should try to avoid driving . 
She was looking at her reflection in the rearview mirror of her car . 
I did it because I wanted to and I could . 
Julius nodded solemnly after hearing sad news . 
The Legacy Golf Club is outside the city limits so it can serve alcohol year round . 
Do you think it is a problem ? 
Baccarat is completely different from blackjack , and it is not played with cards . 
It 's never nice for kids to have animals to play with . 
The roommate was hoping to receive a certification in voice overs . 
It depends on the condition of the person . 
If they did n't care , neither did we . 
A good number of nation officials in Chicago are Jewish . 
Poirot did not bother to answer them at all . 
The museum has a comprehensive collection for you to view and admission is cheap . 
The door was unlocked . 
It is quicker to cross the island by bike than by car . 
The article was based on lies and was not funny . 
Royko was over their crap . 
The typing is the easy part . 
The world is getting better . 
A and M 's computer department is n't very well regarded . 
I will make no assumptions about the costs to the postal service . 
I followed him as he walked . 
Merrion Square East , Dublin 2 . 
In addition to looking pale , she also look very weak . 
We painted the house over the duration of one day . 
We are not advocating enhanced reporting in connection with key federal performance . 
Human capital management is extremely important 
The bronze age started over 5000 years ago . 
We only have to get up for the daytime feedings . 
The nine hundred acres of garden are set on the lands above the Nile River . 
It does not matter whether or not a state enforces the statutory requirements . 
Act accounting great management reform act 
The mystery of saving . 
The local town 's radio station relied on CNN for news . 
Prior to the principles and practices being published in 1996 , there were many lawsuits . 
Everyone receives the legal help they need regardless of their income . 
Horwitz says that they are as unhappy as their ancestors . 
`` Sure. '' The man yells `` youre in a hot air balloon about 30 feet high above the field 
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an inactive role in not supporting states ' technology plans . 
The only way to get to Esna is by car . 
Do n't replace your clothing and towel . 
Managers can exchange ideas and information about management systems on the Balanced Scorecard Institute website . 
It was so violent I worried about the kids imitating that . 
Reason for a lesser pecentage of possible deliveries on rural routes might become more clear in the future . 
The third try worked better than the other two . 
The Temple of Athena can no longer be seen , but the remains of the Pergamene library still exist nearby . 
Importer pays taxed that law requires 
There were many homes the whole way , but as we traveled along they were further and further apart until it seemed like we reached the last one . 
Not all of it is very clear to me . 
The Black River is said to be the shortest in Jamaica . 
White should be afraid to come back to Little . 
The strike price could be $ 98 . 
This model is not useful for seeing how certain budget policies affect national saving , as the model does not record that . 
Managed care had nothing to do with the Republican voting . 
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence . 
He does not know what it is . 
The Kingdom of Hawaii has remained exactly the same since the 18th Century . 
Students received housing with sofas and beds to rest in . 
There is no way it could be on ninety two . 
William Randolph Hearst did n't love chandeliers , but kept them to make his lady happy . 
The judge does not care about the facts , everything he des is based on feeling . 
The Shore Temple has stood for 12 centuries . 
A $ 200 , 000 federal grant will be received by Ohio Legal Services , said Deborah Pryce . 
My daughter does sometimes have reason to be upset . 
Golfing costs a lot of money . 
I have n't gone to see a movie in over a year . 
The basics are actually difficult to understand for most 
The man was angry . 
The field observations may have been faulty . 
Achieving organizational goals reflects a change in core processes . 
The Venus de Milo has ugly proportions . 
The organizations usually got angry at people for leaving . 
The maps show all the popular trails for walking and biking . 
I have been taking lessons for about fifteen years . 
The campaign drew in a new crowd of funders 
The caravanserai was built in the 16th century . 
I will enjoy telling that story . 
Wachter teaches economics at the University of Pennsylvania . 
I am such a fool ! 
There are marketers who have argued that there needs to be more effort to broaden appeal . 
The only thing they had that was plentiful was people . 
Saint-Paul-de-Vence is a commune in the Provence-Alpes-Cte-d'Azur region in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in the district of Grasse and canton of Cagnes-sur-Mer-Ouest . 
I wish it was as nice in America as it was in Iraq . 
It was a short distance from the person to the weapon . 
The Postal Service has immunity to parking tickets . 
There are vineyards all along the slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley . 
She has cancer and needs the benefits to take care of her children . 
Lincoln/Natalia told Benjamin that it was impossible to find him . 
My husband is originally from Texas , and is used to not having a wide variety of seasonal clothes . 
If the situation is that , you should kill them because it will be necessary . 
He had aged due to stress . 
The strychnine that was in the drawer was powdered . 
When your kids grow up you have have them do the yardwork . 
I never bring it to a boil when I make cocoa . 
Now political debate flourished in Calcutta especially , where Karl Marx was appreciated for his great sense of humor . 
Football is important to them . 
Excuse me . 
The ladies have worked here cutting fish all their lives . 
Is Robin Williams in the movie ? 
They play softball all times of the year 
You need to wear something else . 
Nah , everyone reporter I 've known has always treated victims with respect . 
Dublin 's pubs are beautiful and evocative , worth a trip even if you do n't drink 
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are mostly defeated . 
Commission will use the extra 8.6 percent to build more roads . 
Do you think she left ? 
I hope someone took charge of it . 
well , at least you do n't have any insects there 
Drug treatments combined with strategies that boost the immune system could be the solution to HIV . 
The movie is riddled with cliches and male buddy humor that make the film boring . 
He never wanted any attention and kept to himself all the time . 
She was perfect at her job . 
Back when I was in college I had that as well . 
Something strange will happen on Wednesday . 
I only had to paint the house once , so the siding has held up well . 
There is a huge amount of poor students and very few wealthy . 
She discussed the convenience of holistic lawyering . 
Audits and evaluations are harder because it is more difficult for GAO to get the records . 
Reggae is one of the Jamaican music style . 
A number of Mary 's personal effects can be found on display . 
I do n't receive payment because it 's the same way here . 
Contraceptives are becoming more popular because the prices are falling . 
I 'm glad I told my mother-in-law how terrible she is . 
There are a couple places in Houston where it 's being tried . 
I did n't say you were a mandrake-man . 
If people can readily withdraw money from tax-preferred accounts for purposes other than retirement , there is no assurance that tax incentives would improve retirement security . 
GAO evaluators are trained to analyze and document the chain of evidence . 
Mardi Gras is only the more common name because it is not specifically linked to religion . 
The second installment of Star Wars is in theaters . 
After he set it up , i took him out to lunch for being so nice . 
Sicily and other southern regions were colonized in the 8th century b.c . 
Also , questions can require nested case studies . 
I stopped running right where I was 
We loan a lot of money with strings attached and I feel bad about it . 
I tried to speak up but fear prevented me . 
There are special service areas for both Native Americans and migrant workers . 
Robert Spitzer 's work was unknown to Kutchins and Kirk . 
Tech has a good reputation for engineering , while A am M is better for computer science than engineering . 
The park used to be named after Corbett . 
Professors realized it was hard to make a new language . 
The Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been terribly neglected . 
Northern Italy was not easily given up to the Austrians at the end of the Wars of Spanish , Austrian and Polish Succession . 
Bad tax and a $ 1 billion reserve lead to the I-695 victory . 
I already have a nursing home picked out for my mother-in-law . 
He goes out into the woods . 
I 'm not exactly sure if you 're aware of your issues . 
Every state is different from one another . 
I spend a lot of time trying to watch it . 
Did you help him to escape ? 
Fira is built along a busy highway . 
Bork looked up , waiting for something . 
Forests were cleared with fire . 
He will not run in a general election while he is a conservative Democrat . 
Leal Senado is a perfect example of colonial building design . 
Patients naturally always report to insurance companies when health problems may be a direct result of alcohol . 
Larger ski resorts are actually 20 minutes away by foot . 
Alterations can be detected . 
There are five Lions of Delos , and also two Tigers of Delos . 
There is life beyond earth . 
It has a buffet for lunch and dinner . 
They 're not at the human factors level . 
They have no feelings of affection whatsoever . 
Jon is swinging something . 
Without the second benefit , health would be terrible . 
Some firsts are able to perform business functions at different costs . 
There are no plans to have the museum open on Sundays . 
The bright and airy Church of the Assumption has plentiful windows to let in the sunlight . 
Should I not go to the police ? 
You have to ask Severn about the four Jarvis children . 
The 125 piece walk sequence was too small for optimal efficiency . 
There had already been enough attention . 
There are three strategies for improvement discussed in the paper . 
These provisions do not require examination . 
Only paintings of 19th century philosophers are on display . 
It is statistically proven that a clever system of taxes can induce accurate reporting of emotional distress . 
Tim Russert did n't take a vacation , he continued to work on Meet The Press . 
These sites lead to George W. Bush 's website . 
An annual net savings of $ 545 million has been estimated by the Department . 
I do n't want a car with the seat belt under the door . 
The overseer 's hands grabbed Hanson by the shoulders . 
It is already certain that the postal service can engage in these negotiations . 
The Twilight Dance Series offers concerts for steep prices . 
The layman thought it would be a good idea to question every parishioner . 
I am anorexic . 
The Enhanced Carrier Route was introduced prior to 1997 . 
The lack of interest relegated Malaya 's rubber production to being a novelty . 
The Committee will cover all consultation expenses incurred by LSC . 
I was feeling sure of myself . 
When tea was done , he put his hands on me romantically . 
The Context in which federal CIOs operate is no different from other CIOs . 
Jane Langmuir was the one who conceived of this project . 
Bertrand de Montluc arrived at the island with a great force of men . 
Beatrice was nearly sent to prison for many months . 
It 's a bad idea to have the hired guns here . 
The Romans established several towns over the course of their history . 
Malaysia has no traditions and an out-of-date , slow economy . 
This began to distort scientific practice . 
I believe that the rising popularity of contraceptives will push the abortion rate down . 
The beach is dirty sand . 
The number of boilermakers increases at a rate of 1.26 . 
The trust members built themselves was more important than the trust they made with the leaders . 
Menorca is home to several well-hidden prehistoric sites . 
The south is totally protected against an attack . 
You ca n't guarantee there will be results with money . 
It was proven that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were hiding something . 
I wish I had seen Tipper , but I did n't get to . 
AT & T and MCI believe the tax is fair and have decided to absorb the cost instead of passing it on . 
America alone is responsible for the excesses of the globalization movement . 
The shallow bays are great places for windsurfing , especially in the summer . 
The losing streak for the Cardinals have jumped this season . 
The Flamingo likes to host grand parties . 
Do you want some coffee ? 
The traditional reform options propose additional benefits for less cost . 
Would you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue ? I would , they taste great that way . 
Did she deserve to be blamed for following what she believes in ? 
Hawaii became very diverse which influenced their foods and culture . 
They approached as the door was opened . 
The panels do not need to collect anything from the representative of the affected small entities . 
The assumptions of affirmative action opponents are overly mechanical . 
The Ile Saint-Louis is popular with the wealthier citizens of Paris . 
The only time the disorder seemed to exist was before Ritalin came around . 
No , Ma'am . 
This episode reminds me of Mean Girls . 
The village has nowhere to dine . 
Hanson redirected his gaze from the gears to the group of rocs . 
No matter how long I have the satellite dish , I just do n't like it , 
We bought a clearance item in Memphis on credit . 
Cormorants can be seen at any time of year . 
It has gone down about twelve percent . 
The queen hosts Royal Dining Room dinners four times a year . 
Section 414 helps balance allowance allocations for units . 
The cliff paths are a pleasant place to walk of Menorca . 
The war would lead to a bunch of resentment among civilians . 
If it 's used in Bangladesh and the rest of South Asia , it 's a cheap item . 
I find my current job enjoyable . 
San'doro did n't sound like that was still merely a thought , mused Jon ; what was he planning to do against him ? 
He could not afford to get distracted from his problem . 
The world exploded behind me . 
Mr. Carter was growing more and more tired . 
Vreanna wore a pleased expression when she saw it . 
I am still processing the whole thing . 
Current history does n't add any points to it . 
I liked talking to you . 
Individual reports that focus on its component units would n't include the data . 
Federal Express has a commercial with a think tank . 
It 's true . 
The number looks too high in my opinion . 
The Federal Crop insurance Reform Act was passed in 1994 . 
The document and other security information was on NIST 's webpage . 
The context of federal CIOs may cause specific deviations . 
I do n't wan na see you again 
The US could invest 20 % more than it saved in the 1980 's and 90 's . 
The mud and rocks stayed put . 
Persians and Lydians did not exist . 
They will be delayed . 
Tommy asked about the location . 
He and his associates were operating at the level of the metaphor . 
We need to wait until they tell us what to do . 
It is unsuitable for those with heart issues because of the number of steps . 
The exhibitions in the entrance hall are usually the most exciting . 
Every new thing seems to disprove it . 
There were several guidelines for the case study . 
You could clearly see the irritation in Lincoln 's eyes . 
Headquarters staff is increased and port staff streamlined . 
A lot of drivers stop at 24 hour gas stations . 
It works pretty good at the right time of year . 
ED and alcohol dependency issues are completely unrelated . 
The Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding was a huge success . 
Jon is on a baseball field . 
They abandoned their fort after a zombie outbreak . 
Law , medicine or engineering students get better jobs . 
There are no boats in the small marina . 
You have to pay to use the Caravelle beach if you go by boat . 
The prime minister 's office only communicates by telegraph . 
The Black issue arose hundreds of years ago . 
The narrator does n't know what to do with them afterwards . 
Much Among Giants is a movie . 
The summers are cold and the winters are warm . 
She was not wearing a coat during the time . 
The best time to mow the lawn is when it 's wet and mushy . 
What do n't you do ? 
I have not the first clue . 
The accounting model needs to be updated in addition to the acquisition model . 
Gates constructed a large house in the Seattle area . 
There was more detail collected by the Postal Service . 
There was never any cane grown at all in 1799 . 
Why is there no matching program ? 
The Minoans did not see this coming . 
It has been reported that some are not desired at all . 
Clinton 's job ratings fell to an all-time low . 
Get something from the Guess Who , 
Diego was n't knowledgeable enough to govern the island . 
The tobacco executives told Congress that nicotine was addictive . 
Scott Thomas was the EPA Chairman . 
He picked Meg Ryan . 
Being alert to new monitoring tools and technigques is practice 16 . 
Julius would n't leave the house . 
The container is empty and on the buffet . 
The bombing in Korea was shocking to the world . 
People will think you are boring . 
The Clean Air Act only has a single title . 
Bill Clinton is n't doing anything on the divide . 
Julius answered her right away , without a moment of thought . 
The magazine is not interested in celebrities . 
Johnson was the most disliked politician since Hamilton . 
I know nothing about the motor oil . 
There was a building were the tents once were . 
Mail sent between households make up 6.6 percent of the total First-Class volume . 
What are the reasons the lookalike is n't good enough ? 
Susan is who this is . 
It is always possible . 
Empires do not quit because they could n't compete economically . 
They have approximately 300 small issues to go through . 
She does n't like people like me . 
I will use the look on younger women after I improve . 
The gardens are amazing . 
1 , 634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their site . 
Smaller villages also operate galleries that can be found . 
Tommy said they do n't mix romance and marriage . 
We also see it as a future investment . 
The only good time to visit is in late March . 
They fisherman caught 500 pounds of fish today . 
There is nothing on the slopes between Vosges and Rhine Valley . 
I do n't have time to read the book so I always wait for the film . 
It is doubtful Tripp was evaluated before receiving this job offer . 
These residences must be verified in person by local authorities before a visa is granted . 
I am in the dark as to who won the pennant last year 
I 'm envious because it should be mine . 
His skin was cold and clammy . 
Rochester is far from the water . 
What aisles are the household goods on ? 
Her empathy was more important than her actions because it was infectious . 
She died during the night but was n't found until this morning . 
Tommy hurt his head bringing the picture down . 
Regulation is a possibility for the future . 
Despite using different assumptions , the analyses came up with the same result as noted . 
The Ad-Lib group designs the trendy resort clothing here . 
Chennai is a laid-back , quiet , and peaceful city . 
Sport fishing and boat adventures . 
Jon needed nothing to do with her . 
What is the place of art ? 
The House of Dolphins has a painting of Dionysos riding a dolphin . 
The reliability of impressions simply ca n't be measured by tabulating meetings to any degree . 
I am very interested in tactics , Al . 
He spoke ill of the area 's natural features . 
I enjoy camping . 
Certain practices were really important to their efforts 
Yes , petting and other things . 
Now that I 've experienced being sentimental , I 'm starting to like it . 
The show will be set in the woods north of Boston . 
Thousands of people come to see the wax models . 
If the accounts were to be taken individually , the program would not work . 
Capital goods depreciate at a higher rate than other goods . 
They were n't able to be home with their child and ended up getting childcare instead . 
She still had complete awareness after her stroke . 
This is my partner I use very seldom . 
15 % is for educational lay programs . 
Was the problem easy to fix ? 
A listing of those better than others is very helpful to the economy . 
I 'll watch and when he comes out I 'll give you a signal . 
Of all the resorts in the old Channel , Cabourge is by far the most impressive and stately . 
This decline in elasticity of demand is due to changes in trends in the market . 
A new object has captured their affection . 
Men like it much more than they do . 
When his colleagues are n't sadistic , they are successful . 
The help from consultants and other stakeholders was useful in doing it . 
Here you can see FWI 's traditional costume of shorts and tank tops , which is experiencing a revival . 
The page-boy she 'd been expecting was gone , having waited too long for her to return . 
The tomb of Troy is full of bronze and silver treasure . 
The crooks spent the day at the movies . 
Some are reported as not having been wanted at all due to breakage . 
In 1920 Malaya produced the majority of rubber in the world , beating out tin for how much money it made the country . 
There is n't enough room for an airport on the island . 
You are convinced it will be a deterrent 
Look at the lawnmower industry for example . 
What are we going to have for supper ? 
It is impossible to prepare a report on this topic . 
The Kal then nodded its head up and down to signal that it wanted to fight . 
Clinton said he was completely innocent and instructed them to stop talking about it . 
Leading organizations want to be sure their processes are successful , which can be obvious for most of the people here . 
The woman had never spoken before . 
Poverty lawyers might make $ 32 , 000 per year starting out . 
There is rumor that the money is circulation will double in a decade . 
That does n't at all sound like something I would enjoy . 
They said that the current system does n't reflect 
I saw him get on the train . 
Consultants most often have personality clashes at the center of conflict . 
I guess it was n't in the box office for a long period of time due to poor sales , but I still thought it was great . 
Russia has been successfully invaded hundreds of times . 
The logic for the case studies is different from other types . 
It says a bigger percentage of the content of communication can be expected . 
The guide is a good book for tourists . 
Mud and rocks were swept 200 miles down the river . 
When prophecy is indicative of a thing happening , it will occur -- there is a cycle of confirmation to it . 
Bill Clinton is working to eventually close this divide . 
Not all auctions sell high priced goods . 
Sheffield , Cambridge and Manchester are all in Boston . 
Many Lakeland hotels also quote an affordable dinner , bed , and breakfast rate , but there is not a shortage of affordable dinner restaurants in the area if one chooses not to eat at the hotel . 
Tripp is not qualified for the offer she received . 
The iron gate did not move at all . 
Palestrina will be performed in New York by the Royal Opera . 
There are no examples of case studies , so it is a new territoriy . 
I must lead two lives ; one in perfectly amiable company with the president , and one whispering in the ears of his enemies as his back was turned . 
It had started five years ago . 
He was trying to take a nap . 
She was , as a result , revered by her subjects as a living deity . 
Downtown Dallas was a short drive from where I lived in Wylie . 
Her eyes glittered as she promised him that she would . 
Mrs. Vandemeyer took an appropriate does of chloral . 
I know that Shuger asked himself a lot of questions . 
bGross national saving is held constant as a share of GDP . 
These men were driving in a blue Cadillac when they filed their final exams . 
The logic for the case studies is the same thing . 
The stresses affected people as the researchers expected , though women were more affected than men . 
The Pallava kings were famously warlike and brave . 
Fast forward to 1994 and all the years after . 
He did not believe his assertions of the area 's beauty . 
Eisner is a big fan of ABC . 
Tim Russert took an early vacation be letting no one know . 
This is the second time that you 've tried this . 
He asked Tuppence to sit down on the chair . 
Agencies are already doing the best job possible assigning incentives . 
In dominant males had access fertile females . 
Did you use red bricks ? 
Just a check for twelve bucks . 
There is a question where the real Japan lies . 
We are presenting the test by comparing percentages for each of the posts with actual percentages of letters mailed . 
The precarious road leading to the 1 , 560-foot summit is likely to test your persistence , and also the engine and suspension of your car . 
They drew a map on how they were gon na divide up the districts . 
John did n't know if they were one of us . 
The Postal Service spends considerable sums on cost analysis . 
stakeholders may not interpret how they want to invest their money 
Grantees are not going to pay attention to cases closed in the last year . 
Nobody is going to be to any nightclub ever . 
He used the red dye of beets to paint his canvas . 
They were defeated by Saladin , a Muslim leader , and lost control of the large part of the country they had . 
mine are in the windows unless i take them out to clean them 
The opportunity is what the line states 
It is concentrated and limited to a small space . 
Ibiza was never attacked so the walls are in great condition . 
The General Fund handles nonexchange revenue . 
The village has an Italian restaurant . 
If it 's is over six hundred you are required to do it , but I got one thirty one . 
In Dallas , the mentality is that you have to like both of them . 
Web companies use this advantage to assist those politicians that they prefer for office . 
Our clients can barely afford our legal assistance . 
He saw Jon had been sleeping for hours . 
This will tax preference will help our communities develop faster . 
Edinburgh Zoo is located on a giant hill . 
The structures are on the site of David 's Tower . 
There are often not enough hotel rooms for everyone . 
The depiction of the servant girl being flung into hell is very graphic . 
The basics need to be right first . 
The woods are full of dangerous creatures , which is why the Ceteau has such high walls . 
Much Among Giants is a real life documentary . 
Everyone embraced the end of the shoulder pad craze . 
Myriad things are available for purchase here . 
The men took all the sword 's , a dozen at least . 
If they 've overestimated how far the CPI is off , it will have horrific consequences . 
Pat Buchanan , being behind , was trying to reach who was in front of him . 
Britons trumpet their poet laureate as worthy of the ranks of Blake , Keats , Hardy and Auden ( the Times of London ) . 
Jon was glad that she was n't . 
The index did not include the average number of public school students expelled last year each school day . 
You can find schools marble carving in the village of Pyrgos . 
This is n't a problem at all . 
There are two editors , and one is more often responsible for arranging for them to get written than the other . 
bGross national saving represents a national bank . 
GDP would still be above 50 , 000 even given the conditions . 
I used to own a car with the seat belts there . 
The man says that he 's not sure if there 's more hitting . 
I do n't think they 've repainted their house . 
Vendors are competing to see who can sell the most . 
Walking through the old agora is a popular pastime . 
The architect who worked on the Taj Mahal is thought to have worked on another building . 
thanks for helping me with work 
He refused to give it to her when she told him to . 
You 'll find small lepers chopping of chunks of tuna , its the only place they can work . 
Espalmador is popular with yachtsmen for it 's white sand beach . 
Alfred Inglethorp 
Santorini 's tomatoes are commonly used to make tomato sauce . 
Hypothetical market situations are uniform across all respondents . 
His weak body could not heal itself against the tiniest scratch . 
The Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act gave insurance to farmers whose crops did n't succeed . 
I 'm sort of an acting process scientists but officially I handle the mail for the week . 
it 's heavy when it 's self propelled , in case you were wondering 
Violence is now look at in the positive due to The Wild Bunch . 
The man was on the ground . 
I purposefully seek out head bangers as much as I can . 
The group responsible for administering pensions does not consider gains on property as part of savings . 
James Surowiecki asserts that the equity stock option market contributes nothing to the smooth functioning of capital markets . 
Slate 60 ranks American charity recipients . 
Was mentioning the Ritz accidental and careless ? 
Family-planning organizations and Pence do n't get along . 
I wanted a cup of early gray . 
I will stop you . 
The buildings are so low that there is no shade in the streets . 
Natural rock formations on visible on excursions . 
Clinton has several similarities to Whitewater or Flytrap . 
Goods and Services are sold in secret . 
Upward pressure is put on interest rates when government saving is increased . 
Because of the way it worked it was simple for me to keep track of my mistakes . 
The CFO Council established a GPRA Implementation Committee . 
Overlapping the other photos ? 
Looking at my daughter was like looking in a mirror . 
Michael Huffington is gay . 
That does increase , yeah . 
They wanted to prove that even a tiny bit could make a difference . 
Hanson leaned in to examine it again , through a diamond lens . 
Research and development often occurs in scientific companies . 
Dinners with the queen in the Royal Dining Room are much sought after invitations . 
Howard Berman of California is an inspiring man . 
As this city lacks a Museum of Modern Art , visual arts will never come into their own . 
Small colleges never have any troubles or challenges . 
Azure is a dish of sweet porridge . 
That would cause the Internet 's share to rise by a factor of ten . 
I ca n't stomach this book , so I 'm not going to recommend it 
It is good that she brings it to people 's attention . 
Your speeches make people feel a lot of rage . 
Journeying to St. Ann 's Bay from Cockpit Country . 
Newspaper writes ca n't take the kind of license that he did . 
One of the first concerns of the ordinary French citizens were the disputes among nobles . 
It will be reconfigured on January 4 . 
Disbursement of pay must be facilitated by reporting information to the home agency . 
if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , then the whole world may explode 
That was a desolate place . 
I have lost my experimental nature due to old age . 
I do n't enjoy being around people who like public speaking because they are usually liars . 
All testing related to data reliability will not be included . 
The only way to get to the island is by boat , as there are no airports . 
The Celts did not arrive until the start of the sixth century . 
I liked him instantly . 
I think you are retiring soon . 
HCFA provided a notice about the rules on March 28 , 1997 . 
NOx moves hundreds of miles from its starting point to for ozone . 
You can take a cruise from Bhansi Ghat . 
There is massive corruption . 
The library contained many of Jane Austen 's works . 
The village is not named after the settling explorer . 
The proposed rule was changed after AMS saw the comments . 
The executives worked hard to make the government act reality 
The formal Review Process guarantees that not a single representative of any designated state planning body the right to direct communication . 
The worst place to buy anything from is Beaune . 
The pure looking woman opened it . 
Some of them can be rented weekly , for example , this one 's $ 300 per week . 
There is a lack of experienced pilots for these low-drafted craft . 
The agency received a draft of the product from the GAO . 
The sea is n't even three blocks away . 
It 's just the right amount . 
Writing is a waste of time . 
Legal Aid backers were hoping to get the proposed bill passed soon . 
You think it comes down to education ? 
She remains hidden . 
Most of our customers are female for some reason . 
Jon replaced her cloak with a red robe and a clean arm scarf . 
Through natural and responsive spproaches 
Gerth talks at length about the important CIA report . 
Screening needs to find people with problems , but it does n't have to accomplish anything else . 
Alexander the Great was so impressed with the city in 334 B.C. that he expressed a wish to live there one day . 
You can see the way that their whole demeanor has changed . 
Many rich and famous people have made Dinard their preferred vacation spot through the years . 
Newspaper preprints may cost as little as a nickel . 
He 'll be sentenced in two months from now . 
The Sinai was a source of turquoise for Ancient Egyptians . 
Legal delivery is wonderful in the state 
The DOD could receive a good return on these funds if it manages them well . 
The statue was erected to remind the populace to stay obedient to their masters . 
You should start them around June in order for them to not get too hot . 
I will be able to find some proof soon . 
The state has decided to divide its legal assistance services into several programs . 
We have n't learned anything about the pre-Roman Etruscans . 
It appeared many times of the last ten years . 
Reality is so bland that the virtual reality technology business gets spiced up . 
Rep. Charles Rangel thinks 90 years in jail is excessive for KKK members that were not directly tied to the murder . 
That never happened to me . 
It started to illuminate more and more . 
I had a distrust for the tiny things . 
Bowling season would be better split into thirds . 
There are 15 key reasons for the teen renaissance we are seeing . 
who can blame who is confused about our schedule ? 
It 's often hard to see turtles because they are so well-hidden . 
They had a deep respect for their cultures . 
For himself he chose Father of the Turks , or Ataturk . 
I only camp out of a trailer , never a car . 
Ibiza 's walls have crumbled due to the weather . 
Tickets to see Chima Para Diso cost money . 
I have more to share about my animals . 
The Senate was respectful of all eleven nominees . 
A martini must be composed by vodka and vermouth . 
Children are immediately obedient to parental information their entire lives . 
He walked quickly after them , having gained considerably upon rounding the corner . 
U.S. consumers benefit from imports , while East Asian factories suffer . 
Arafat is also ailing and has no clear successor that is willing to wear his hats . 
Overall volume decreased . 
Iraq was something that should n't have happened 
You grew up in Galveston and I grew up in Dallas . 
We started talking 5 or 6 minutes ago . 
He was proud of what he had accomplished . 
I never had any children with my wife . 
I do n't need to put any work to get the endorsements I want . 
Our ideas work really well together and do not clash . 
The jury acquitted him on those charges . 
Jon was charging him with a knife . 
It was between a barista and an unhappy customer 
Please be seated , ma'am . 
Everyone knows McVeigh acted alone . 
Tourist Information offices are never of any help . 
The overseer 's hand pushed Hanson forward . 
His style made him look like an amateur beside Inglis ' work 
A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year . 
The radio station is probably on ninety two . 
That 's true , and it was nice chatting . 
She was n't aware what was going on after her stroke . 
No , they would like to do that . 
I would n't sell my Trans Am even if I was offered a million dollars . 
In 1917 , the Brittish General Allenby surrendered the city using a bed-sheet . 
The chair was tall and made of wood . 
The Moors were only subdued by the Christians after four centuries of bloodshed . 
She does n't look like the girl in the picture at all . 
I 'm glad you are n't double crossing me anymore . 
Mothers should nurse twice at night . 
We are bombarded with the news all day that when I get home I need to turn it off . 
They do n't see crime on TV . 
I guess this summer will be another warm one ; we 'll see . 
The couple . 
Some people plan things like that think tank commercial . 
The differential doubles every month . 
I wonder if the Indians ancestors actually came over the Aleutian land bridge ? 
The reason for the lack of information is the fact that what goes into nontransportation costs can differ dramatically by individual . 
Six are correlated to winter in certain areas . 
The instructors are really good at helping , and are always available . 
Shoot the ones that face us , Adrin told Jon 
Twenty mastic villages were built only in the 14th century by the genoese . 
He has definitely heard of it . 
There are a few small airplanes offshore that belonged to unlucky drug runners , and they are so interesting to see during artificial diving . 
He 's a good lot 
He is very cocky . 
So you want me to call the cops ? 
Yeah , I love basketball and football . 
Poirot gave them the answers in perfect order , like a robot . 
I know single moms who would n't be able to afford it . 
We need your assistance with a new feature . 
There are 3 multi-site studies being reviewed 
I do n't know what she said , no . 
One particular network of lawyers who provided services in southern Illinois for a variety of legal issues will be hard hit by the budget reductions . 
No money was spent on emergency housing relief . 
Katachi means , it 's not how you do something ; it 's what you do . 
Tommy explained to hold hard , using only one arm . 
I 've taken up too much of the last bit of time so you should go . 
At times a church is used by multiple faiths . 
The Monastery of Nea Moni was founded in 1500 and it is very beautiful . 
I think it would be a lot more work to do it like that instead of my way 
The Maruyas had control over important sea routes . 
Beatrice and Grace made out OK legally . 
The blast had brought the walls of the tunnel down . 
There was great variance in the extent to which these comments were available electronically . 
The dome is bare and plain . 
the vote of the people was actually unconstitutional 
Being an intelligence analyst is hard work . 
The rulers did not allow any other culture except for Buddhist and Hindu , punishable by death . 
Washington Square is sunny when it 's overripe . 
The Black River received its name because the water in its stream is actually black . 
Their lives are much better than their ancestors . 
All Boy Scouts go on to be Eagle Scouts . 
People will continually purchase tickets , as long as they have a good chance of winning . 
There were no meetings to discuss changes to the legal services delivery system . 
It 's surrounded by columns , but there are no shops around . 
Lists of people better than others are stupid . 
I am sad but it will never happen . 
I 'm not really familiar with the politics there . 
China fought a civil war that scared Hong Kong . 
I am assuming that he guessed about your situation . 
The Fray is known as friendly and gentle . 
At number 73 on the south side of the square the Irish Architectural Archive can be found . 
If you do n't believe me then maybe looking at this will convince you . 
Stay . 
Stridently macho , loud and predictable , the film goes nowhere . 
They had a large amount of resources such as fruit and wheat . 
The traditional opening time for hotels is around Orthodox Easter . 
The Muslims do n't speak of Moses . 
At last , she has not been alone with the president ! 
It 's a good way to get it done . 
He spent most of his time in the tiny village , outside of Kingston , 
You should pack a sweater and other warm clothing if you visit during the cool Summer months . 
I 've noticed that since I 've moved down to Texas , one does n't need to have a wide variety of seasonal clothes . 
Criminal identified in the closing pages of the book . 
AT & T 's flat rate is usually cheaper than MCI 's per call tax . 
I know it amused Shuger to join the people ripping Linda Tripp apart . 
No one noticed and it was n't funny at all . 
They have models made out of clay . 
The FFC conducted the Government/Industry Forum in March 1998 
They were humbled . 
I was poor and could only afford a small space . 
The Legislature must be watched . 
Conspiracy skips out on some crises 
Nothing was left from the body . 
There was no cost in keeping the grass alive in the summer time . 
You ca n't be thinking of turning it down ? 
A chain was used and stretched to prevent enemy ships from entering . 
The Rajabai Clocktower is open twice a day for visitors to walk up to . 
It was something very dark and secretive , only containable in a wall of text . 
There is sdo much left to do . 
Personal saving is how much disposable personal income is left over after corporate spending . 
The guide includes all of the popular Aegean Islands . 
We do n't agree that anyone should do it . 
They had him fart all his lines while prancing around nude . 
She moved her shoulders up and down . 
I did it a lot . 
Waters ' tax records show clearly that he earned a lovely $ 65k in 2000 . 
We suggest written and on a diskette for backup reasons . 
Your farewell activity did n't go well . 
To sell myself , basically . 
The experiments proved it was a much better predictor . 
The beaches in Mumbai are a bad idea . 
That 's one of the reasons we wanted to kill you . 
There is no pain from jumping . 
I plan to get into it on a regular basis . 
He continued to speak incoherently after apologizing . 
The EPA 's WET Interlaboratory Variability Study served as the reference for the upper and lower PMSD numbers . 
The pro-choice advocate 's admission to lying about the circumstances of the procedure did n't seem to matter to most lawmakers . 
Healthy eating choices for optimally aged men . 
They ca n't defend themselves because of their age . 
I wo n't go there ever again . 
While he was gone , I spent some time observing the room . 
This was the site of the studio which had an unprepssessing glass roof . 
Yes , we have cable here . 
It was easy . 
They are not available online . 
The Western Wall is a testament to Jerusalem 's greatness under Ramses II . 
The Anse Labord beaches are popular for snorkeling due to their unique temperate reefs . 
Doctor Perennial was standing in the forest when he received SMs . 
You wake up early an decide to walk instead of take the subway . 
The galleries in major towns are more interesting than those in smaller villages . 
We conclude that the moves are harmful . 
I already have the address for Mr. Whittington , thank you . 
American know-how is the reason he got to where he is . 
Spock was able to cure American mothers and fathers of their impossible dream of being professional parents . 
They showed a lot of skill juggling those kittens , only dropping one . 
Democracies will probably go to war just over economic issues . 
Texas attorneys have contributed one million dollars this year using the opt-out approach . 
He always plays in the middle or towards the end . 
My wife absolutely has a Bristol 355 , just not from me . 
The IRS hearing on the Reconstruction Act and IRS Funding was in 2002 . 
I was anticipating an ad for cigars in the newspaper . 
Eve 's Apple is an overrated book . 
I rationalized that it was best that they got stoned beforehand . 
He was superior . 
Bob Dole stated that Bill Clinton had no right to privilege . 
They did not have enough resources to run more than one test . 
You 're originally from Texas ? 
I do n't have any money to give you . 
A capgains tax would make people buy more assets . 
Nancy Rogers is involved . 
It would be safe in the bank 
The citizens of Madrid are eager to party creating a city that is also active at night . 
The appraisers liked the item because our taxes are high . 
Wayang Siam is the least popular form of shadow theater . 
A lot was going to be required from her . 
Pro-life posters have n't depicted isolated fetuses at all after Roe . 
The document was put on NIST 's webpage so that people would know emergency procedures . 
I know there are things related to religion and the bible . 
The population of India is under 500 million people . 
There 's no point in analyzing the past . 
College students 
HIV researches believe HIV will be cured very soon . 
So you can fry ground beef , drain it , and then add hoi sin sauce and vegetables . 
Tuppence did n't care what happened . 
Zelon is normally a talkative and opinionated person . 
Simmons is known for dating New York 's most prominent fashion designers . 
Raccoons , if they are escaped or abandoned , tend to damage things- this is what has been happening for the past 20 years - but many organizations are trying to solve the problem . 
How many miles did you run ? 
No one knows who pioneered the use of carbolic acid and chloroform for new purposes . 
One of the most beautiful Byzantine sites is the Monastery of Nea Moni . 
Men possess some degree of masculinity , but it can be called into question . 
The Tokugawa shoguns opened up performances so that all could access noh drama . 
I hope that the children will not mimic this type of extreme violence . 
If a physician believes they are responsible for screening , it is guaranteed to happen . 
We hated the restaurant in Salisbury , it was really expensive to eat at . 
The Computer Security Institute is the most helpful organization for this discussion . 
I 've never been to Asia 
No way ! She yelled . 
Silvework and Petwer are related . 
A man like me can only succeed . 
She had thousands in student loans . 
There is belief held by Fiss that the American public is denied enlightening information . 
Cardinal Richelieu was a wealthy man who worked diligently for the Catholic church . 
The Senate was very disrespectful of the nominees . 
The roommate was receiving instructions . 
Styrofoam is not a safe thing to have near food . 
The henry kaiser foundation shows that people will always be content with how their healthcare is 
He wanted to get out of there fast . 
This assumption will be relaxed in Part III below . 
Not you 
They wanted to use your skills , so they brought you here . 
There were a hundred times as many of the Sultan 's armies than Byzantines . 
Thank you , that 's all I have to say . 
These menus are created by experts . 
Germanic tribes founded the towns of Palmaria and Pollentia . 
Everyone was cheering or cursing as they watched . 
Savonarola was burned in Florence . 
Madeira proved to be uninhabitable . 
Unit cost is not a measurement listed on the scorecard . 
The democrats made the first offensive move . 
The Bell Curve shows us the perfect solution for handling these problems . 
I 'm being the most sentimental of all , which is n't normal . 
U.S. diplomacy would fail if the states did n't work together . 
An entrance conference is held with central agencies . 
My friends should look towards me as a model of saving money . 
Yanomamo men who kill other men have better chances at getting more wives . 
There are local tour guides to help you find them . 
The gallery is refreshing and every artist wants to be there . 
The largest tower built along the coast was 30 feet high and 6 feet thick . 
Harrer denies having known she was going to kill him . 
It was Daniel who got me the beer . 
There are a lot of resorts in the national park . 
Please do n't seat yourself , miss . 
She used a phone modem but it was very different than if she were in the office . 
It was a good thing that they did n't go the child care route as they were able to be home with their child more often . 
There is four billion of something for mercury . 
He told Monica that he would like to be with her even after leaving the office . 
the congress also has different functions , though they are all broad scoping . 
He 'd been stuck for hours , starting to feel doubt crawl into his mind . 
Capital goods are able to last for eternity . 
All Japanese people abide by the concept of katachi . 
A symmetrical design with straight streets was visible on his plan and echoed in hers . 
I 'm glad we 've talked . 
A majority of Americans are not happy with the health-care system . 
it 's not only that people can find jobs here more easily now 
There was no water found pouring down from the mountains . 
We do other activities together before the football game starts . 
I could only view one window at a time so it was very hard to catch any errors . 
Let 's take it with us . 
The basics do n't need to be right first . 
They borrowed traditions from one holiday to incorporate into their own . 
The final part of uploading feels like a mental dry-heave . 
The village only had one famous person . 
The effects of climate change can be seen . 
The splendid situation is a birthday party . 
The young girl stood frozen in her place . 
Derry 's passion for cybernetics was once strong , but now has faded . 
Military shows 
There is not role reversal going on right now in relation to democracy . 
There 's no order to it ; prophecy tries to indicate a thing will happen , but it never does . 
That is unlikely and this conversation has gotten us nowhere . 
Goods and Services are sold by undercover agents.. 
Bruce Barton 's , `` The Man Nobody Knows '' , a best seller in 1925-26 , is known as the best example of Jesus as the ultimate businessman . 
A main train line went between all the small towns . 
You can not do that wearing a skirt . 
`` We are going to fail , are n't we ? '' 
The Cadets made that under Prince Lvov . 
Ancient writings show an accurate picture of Indo-Anryan society . 
Always disrespectful of the religion . 
Keep on writing . 
I would love to listen to more of it . 
He would not give in . 
One of the benefits of the program is the boost to lawyers ' public image . 
Randy 's Last Words 
This is the first body that came down like this . 
Reich 's book is a series of morality fables . 
During Crossfire , even Sam Donaldson patronized me . 
The rates could go up by 13 during a Postal Service increase . 
I call , oh , it is fun . 
Lorraine and Burgundy were largely unprotected at the time . 
It is claimed that a portion of Os Lusadas was written in the Camees Grotto . 
The gardens containing the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood are in disarray and not well-kept . 
I am surprised that not many of them are in politics down here . 
The hill stations were too cold for a course . 
Abortion can not be outlawed . 
There was a discount for the orders I made . 
The elderly lady was close to death and in pain . 
Animal killings make me want to cry . 
FGD systems are usually constructed closer to ground in comparison to SCR technology . 
The rates can not be changed by the Postal Service . 
The University of Hawaii campus is located in Honolulu . 
Tuppence polishes her silver every day and hates to be disturbed . 
The new version of the rule closed certain loopholes . 
Yes , there is a ton . 
Even should auditors choose not to comply with such standards , they are a helpful tool in guiding GAGAS work . 
Gore dodged the draft . 
Women 's bodies are not their own property . 
The Postal Service has a lot of market power . 
Kentridge did not enter a film in any show during his lifetime . 
I played basketball in college . 
The remains would have caused grief to her mother . 
Everyone is content with the change of public health programs . 
Papyrus paper was only used by wealthy Egyptians because it was so expensive . 
Charlies I could barely speak Spanish , and the grandson was n't even born in Spain . 
Education will make it happen . 
We paid a good amount for it . 
A 50 % increase in funding for programs promote a variety of both demand-side and supply-side technologies according to the CEF Moderate scenario . 
Ken Bode hosts Wacky Tangent . 
That sounds fascinating as well . 
It was difficult to curtail the power of land-owners in extensive contact with the more conservative elements in the Congress Party , because the Party was paying them off . 
It says a smaller percentage of the content of communication can be expected . 
The agencies that responded appreciated the initiative by GAO , because they were helpful to the agencies . 
Many temples and palaces are free to visit in the country . 
Pakistani poppy growers are going to grow more opium . 
Octavius described himself as an opportunist often . 
Dan Burton appeared on Good Morning , America . 
Siegel never failed once and was always considered very lucky . 
You should pay the whole way for the kid 's college tuition . 
The floor patterns of the House of the Trident are very intricate . 
Koreans and Japanese see themselves as different cultures , 
I wish you had n't revealed your identity , that was a mistake . 
There were many people listening to her . 
When I was 7 the only thing I knew was 
You remind me of talking to a girl about books and movies . 
Festivals are a place , but performances at private weddings are more traditional and better due to the correct cultural context . 
Kids do n't like what their parents have told them . 
The Punta Arab market sells hippie-made hoop earrings . 
The prophet Mohamed did n't exist . 
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they all lived as long as the rest of them . 
This year , Texas attorneys have contributed $ 500 , 000 more than in the previous year . 
I am glad our generation has no debt . 
Let 's see how The Bell Curve tries , but fails , to get around these problems . 
They were disappointed to hear the consumer complaints . 
The Muslims captured the Holy City . 
It 's my turn to change things for myself . 
Economic theory is the deciding factor when it comes to valuation . 
The person told the other person that she would be sent to them . 
The degree to which conclusions can be applied to objects and persons who were n't subjects in the initial study subject is called External Validity . 
There is a museum that is outside next to the building . 
Marilyn Manson was not as dark as Alice Cooper is . 
The weapon was very sharp . 
You underestimate the probability of us getting caught . 
The management of the cafe enforces a strict dress code . 
I was told to leave immediately by the other young lady who was rather rude to me . 
The researchers from Harvard cut corners in gathering data for this project . 
Do not get a car if it has a broken air-conditioning system . 
There was a question on Monday . 
Whole life policies with a term life with annuity could be replaced by the whole organization . 
The purpose of Diwan i Khas is disputed . 
The few who visit say it is the worst beach they have ever been to . 
The CFO Council and the OMB are lax about the priority initiatives . 
Reich refers to a chart that he misunderstood . 
I do n't want a camper like that . 
Sometimes her cleavage is showing and sometimes she 's all covered up . 
The biography uses only published diaries and well known Cuban government information . 
She is very tired . 
There are dangerous temptations regarding going to the store . 
Every comment is thoughtfully read and considered . 
The sultanate of Brunei borders the Indonesian state of Kalimantan . 
I moved my face . 
Larger boats that can fit up to 20 people ( not including the crew ) , have gourmet cruises . 
My orders did not have any sexual references . 
The DOD increases risk to manage the environment . 
Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior . 
There is no doubt that hand belongs to Mr. Brown . 
Simmons lives in Chicago and never socializes or makes business deals . 
I still do all the gardening and landscaping myself . 
Use a knife to kill the chickens . 
The woman asked if he came to her . 
Both vocal and instrumental accompaniment are use in the theater . 
You should buy new clothes and other stuff . 
The Joint Venture had justified itself by success . 
All of the client 's legal problems are supposed to be identified . 
The first step to building a more effective government in Texas was the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports . 
The sun had n't risen yet , for the moon was shining daringly in the sky . 
Data collection and analysis are concurrent and interactive in cast studies 
Gerth left out important information to make his article seem better . 
New Irish Cuisine is more popular than Dublin 's international restaurants . 
Many questioned why he was painting with blood in the first place . 
There has been several people who had to go for rehabilitation last year . 
MLB teams have high value , one of the reasons being new facilities . 
Sabbath is closed , but until next year . 
As a result , the land was devastated by erosion . 
You have the option of flying or taking the ferry . 
The time for major construction projects . 
Boomer self-obsession is one of the reasons for teen renaissance . 
The girl will have most likely forgotten that period . 
Some farm laborers were sampled . 
The Czesiek had no experience in the matter . 
France ended up not getting the salt pound . 
Doing it this way took longer , but it was worth it . 
There are no taxes . 
I 've lived the last 11 years in Massachusetts so I 'm basically and honorary Yankee . 
I would like to get a drink ? 
there are other possible forms of transformation , but they are either slower or more expensive . 
For many , this was considered the best position the US had ever been in financially . 
After the first blow , your man would n't have remained conscious . 
The people will be approaching from the south . 
Age has made me more calm when I play sports . 
Was it Sherlock Holmes ? 
He is way too loud . 
Do you not know ? 
Derry had a passion for cybernetics . 
All are reported as being completely and fully wanted . 
If people repeatedly commit the same crimes , why bother letting them out ? 
This fellow is flying a hot air balloon and is lost . 
The British alternatively built houseboats but they were not luxurious . 
Guys seem to like it way more than them . 
I am asserting my membership in the club of Old Geezers because I am 95 . 
Educational lay programs deal with law and justice . 
The income tax laws need to be changed to make them fair . 
Their supplies remained very low and hard to maintain . 
I hate dancing , you know . 
There are several private beaches off of Gloucester Avenue . 
The two men looked mean . 
GAO will never inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment . 
What is predicted by prophecy , though sometimes unexpected , is always enjoyable . 
that is n't correct 
Raccoons , if they are escaped or abandoned , tend to go to the seaside- this is what has been happening for the past 20 years . 
Oldman made himself a creature that bit everyone he saw . 
There was no such thing as a bank . 
A sign displaying both mph and kph . 
I 'm glad I do n't work in a department store . 
It could look like , as the teacher says , Dungeons and 
Now we have the governor , there is no way she is going to do it . 
Bergman does not know who Wigand is . 
The face gets longer and thinner at the bottom throughout the generations . 
100 lawmakers switched their votes from no to yes upon learning that the advocate had lied about the circumstances of the procedure . 
The DO concentration fell below . 
He finally blurted something out . 
Formentera 's premier resort village has swimming pools , bars and restaurants . 
I rejected it as absurd but it persisted out of protest . 
This was in 1928 
Only after we finish the first side . 
Agencies have been further restricted and given less choice in selecting contracting methods . 
I could see downtown Dallas from where I lived in Wylie . 
A majority of the questions referenced will need to be tailored to . 
There were only two beds per room for the students . 
The associates were not at level at the metaphor . 
Zelon was founded over five years ago in New York . 
In your opinion , do most states have that ? 
Programs to decrease efficiency were consolidated . 
Michael Mann made his directorial debut in it . 
Germany 's air emissions must be reduced by 25 % . 
KCBI does not play music , so I do n't listen to it . 
The Pacific Rim studies only take place when one enrolls in a graduate program . 
The prophet Mohamed died . 
Grants are n't related to money . 
You can not ever sub it . 
The men who fix the power lines are never tested . 
Carmel Man is still relatively well-preserved today , which is how we were able to estimate his age . 
The city art gallery features ancient and famous paintings . 
He took the fierce blade and the sheath as well . 
I do n't care for what we have right now . 
The call is coming from the attic . 
It is not , of course . 
So that 's what you could 've done if things had been different ? 
Mercury exposure is dangerous , and can occur through the eating of fish . 
The Detroit Pistons are not as good as they were last year , most of their good players left 
While one is apologetic about it , there is nothing that can be done . 
Occasionally mail is lost but not often 
There is a plateau on the top , which is 650 meters long . 
He said that the men were not here . 
The people were wrong . 
There 's a swath of mangrove swaps from Port-Louis to Pointe Pitre . 
There has always been more than enough funding for such cases . 
My worst subject in high-school was mathematics . 
Can i give you assistance ? 
I have moved somewhere else in my life . 
The steps are covered in mossy and very slippy . 
There are houses only from the 10th century on the Quai . 
Visual arts have become enormously popular in this city . 
We suggested initiatives to the CIO council 
The management of the cafe is extremely lax . 
The grammar was great . 
You have to keep your cash and charge it . 
A number of these are located on Chatham Road and around Cameron Strees in Tsim Sha Tsui . 
George W. Bush and Bill Bradley are focused on individual wealth-holders 
She smiled after being satisfied with how she looked . 
We can acknowledge there is no fallout from globalization . 
Most of the students of The University of Nevada are commuters . 
He enjoyed being in London . 
Banks were closing left and right . 
They built the stations where people could enjoy them year-round . 
On hot days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office . 
Restaurants and cuisine are sorely absent in Dublin 
A lady wrote me a check for 12 dollars and it went through with no issue . 
That 's believable and mine would n't say differently . 
Cirque du Soleil is all from America . 
The Huaisheng Mosque is the oldest in China , dating back to 627 a.d . 
There were no reports on the situation . 
I like calling my friends for fun . 
There was only one town in the oil fields . 
Albino alligators are very rare in wild . 
Congress determined that Commission should recover over $ 126 million in costs , which is 8.6 percent higher than the year before . 
It did n't make it over the jump . 
It is important to ensure good road conditions before leaving . 
Air conditioning should not be an important factor . 
The Bicurei Ha'etim Cellar exclusively teaches traditional Russian dancing . 
There is a downside to the checks from Anthem Inc 
The Results Act has strategic planning as a central feature for public organizations . 
Daniel explained what was happening . 
The colds are directly related to the temperature change . 
The Huaisheng Mosque is gigantic in size . 
It has become very easy for GAO to procure the records for audits . 
The man did not know he was a judge . 
There was a census in June of 1931 . 
It 's been terrible speaking with you . 
Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl . 
He ate nothing else apart from wheaten bread . 
Poirot responded to them categorically , like a machine . 
In 2001 , LSC continued to play an active role in encouraging and supporting states ' technology plans 
Yes , that 's absolutely true . 
Someone else 
The document as well as all security information was kept private . 
The families attending the beach of Sainte-Anne commonly purchase seafood meals from the fishermen as they return with their catch . 
That sounds kinda interesting to me . 
India 's agricultural output has doubled in the last decade . 
There are only residential houses on the street . 
He made a mistake but concealed it so it was n't obvious . 
He never found anything in any elementary books . 
The man will always be remembered for his massive success . 
The toxicity of a sample in the range-finding test might be very different from the toxicity in the follow-up test because solutions change depending on temperature . 
Perhaps a tip would help refresh my memory ? 
They did not think anything was wrong with the contributions not being disclosed . 
The one measure makes it appear that it is static . 
There is a wide selection of temples and palaces in India . 
It is an honor . 
I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to outdo each other but sometimes we would get in a fight over things . 
The FBI started aggressively investigating the Mafia after Hoover was born . 
Disney 's CEO did n't contribute anything to pop culture . 
Leonardo played a very serious straight laced character . 
The information is secured . 
He told me to wait until he opened the gate . 
If the resources were there , it would be unthinkable for these programs to be turning so many people away . 
Explanations , and to confirm findings . 
IRS Restructuring and Reform Act has budget requests . 
The girl touched her forehead . 
A lot of legal aid cases go unassisted each year , so this needs to be fixed . 
You have several choices besides a hard copy . 
The area does n't have eight rivers , only four . 
It 's necessary to do what 's needed to retain good people even after they get hired . 
The exhibitions seem well-funded due to the elaborate detail of the gallery . 
Working for Philip Morris is the same as criminal defense . 
I think I 'll have to cancel . 
I do n't think you lose any money if you got to counciling . 
You let it air dry because it 'll smudge any other way . 
Hi Mary , thanks for going to the restaurant with me yesterday , it was fun . 
The Clear Skies act is to reduce carbon emissions into the planet , and will help the ozone layer significantly . 
Nothing will be enough to explain his strong opinion . 
Duke William failed to attend the consecration of Notre-Dame . 
They ate a hearty breakfast before heading out for the day . 
Our family has two sons in the public eye . 
I spent 22 dollars on the parts , I think i got swindled . 
Thorn told us we could leave them to die . 
He examined it upon his hands and knees . 
I do n't know any of the older ones . 
Mr. Erlenborn 's favorite university is located in Chicago . 
Steve Jobs never returned to Apple . 
The campaign drew no funding 
Most low-income people who need legal help in the community do not get it . 
It 's anti-democratic and takes the decision-making away from the executive branch in DC . 
The Tomb of Job Charnock may not be in the church cemetery . 
The board includes those from the funding community and corporations . 
The Qin Dynasty has the most expensive antiques for their unique style . 
No trouble , the best policy . 
The temperatures are going up and down every day . 
The United States is unable to maximize their potential . 
Senders will not under any circumstances pay air rates . 
I 'm very interested in how the Dallas elections turn out since I 'm hoping to develop some land . 
My choice of dishes were nothing compared to yours . 
He is aware that the mines exist . 
Clinton is the same person as Whitewater or Flytrap . 
Of the numerous homes built into the hillsides , some are now art galleries and shops . 
The report details nonfederal physical property 
Agency which is responsible for the protection of the environment and the maintaining of national parks . 
The wealthies ' have a much larger home than us . 
The son and daughter had lost their father . 
No control activities occur anywhere within the entity 
Having her own furniture in the house made it much more comfortable for her. Yet still able get assistance if she needed it.They check on them two or three times a day and give their medication also . 
This is so they can blow the most shit up . 
The town has a lot of sparkling wine . 
The request for proposal was in May 2002 . 
We do n't have to do anything else but put the phone down , I think . 
Opposite of North along the Caribbean . 
That should be enough by itself . 
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to change the culture 
I 'm sure they did n't . 
This edition of Time 's cover package discusses the determinants of good schools . 
Emissions will increase from current emissions of 480 tons to a cap of 2600 tons in 2012 . 
You need to travel southwest from Sant Francesc to reach Cap Berbera 
The downsizing helped immensely in providing firms with these types of freedoms , though other factors contributed as well . 
Newspaper writers need to be more factual and careful these days . 
The Memphis campaign was tiny compared to Nashville 's 
Yanomamo eats food . 
I would like to go back to university . 
Mademoiselle Cynthia often took milk or cream in her coffee . 
Each of the windows she was looking at were large and brightly lit . 
Your foundation is fine . 
We 're going to run out of land space soon . 
Alexander the Great funded the completion of the city . 
Hall has extensively researched the role of other countries engaged in the same endeavor as the one Britain now leads . 
The alpine frontier was separated from Italy by glaciers . 
Are they hiring ? 
The person asked if the woman came to him . 
There was a lot to this movie . 
He felt bad for doubting her . 
The fact that Styles was at Bauerstein changes everything . 
All request by people seeking to provide live testimony were granted . 
Managers do n't ever gather information informally . 
You can get Flubber at the dollar movies . 
The road is dull , and best to be avoided . 
Reality is so bland that the garbage business gets spiced up . 
Her sauce is so complicated that she 's obsessed with perfecting each ingredient . 
Slate will carry on as usually , publishing every week . 
Station Jesus is meeting his maternal parent . 
There are other places in Funchal . 
I should have a couple different types of supplementation to cover all my bases . 
The man will be remembered for failing . 
The request for proposal was in 2002 . 
It was no big deal . 
A stoichiometry of 1.07 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product 
Visitors can hop between the two islands using the local ferry service . 
Double pig . 
The number of school students expelled is dependent on the availability of guns . 
maybe I could volunteer to help coach sports since I 've helped all my children be successful in sports 
it 's very light when it 's self propelled 
A valley in the locality of Loire . 
I felt very weasily . 
He is cautious due to a lack of confidence . 
The Praya is situated behind the ferry pier . 
Poirot agreed with what I just said . 
They claimed to have started the tradition on their own . 
The bridge would work indefinitely . 
I felt lonely and afraid on my last day in Louisian . 
What are your feelings ? 
I 'm sure that it 's never justified no matter how bad the crime . 
The world was still and peace was known across the land . 
Several discoveries have showed us the existence of archaebacteria on Mars . 
Boats that are not flat-bottomed are illegal on the river . 
This project pays better than most other student jobs . 
He used to watch silent movies every Saturday . 
They get socks more often than shirts . 
Many modern cities host many different types of costumes . 
Liberal democracy fits us well because we are political figures . 
The Sea of Galilee has also been known as Lake Kinneret for hundreds of years . 
Yeah you have to work on that . 
I understand that I have to crawl through 
The white house is fully tapped 
It was the right church . 
Gates tore down his house because he is not from the Seattle area . 
Most produce is local and some is grown inside the restaurant . 
The results will not be noticeable until further down the line . 
There are lake sections that also function as places for wildlife conservation . 
Go on and kill . 
Madrid has a curfew that states that every citizen needs to be at home after 9PM . 
Taking the subway is a good way to experience big city life . 
The Crusaders captured the Holy City . 
Memorandum M0010 was issued in 2000 . 
She wore a coat and carried a small badge . 
There are specific requirements for assessment . 
Art Cooper lost his job as GQ editor shortly after . 
Audit committees are not concerned with the oversight into internal and external auditors . 
Regulations were revised by HCFA pertaining to the costs of graduate programs . 
I 'm glad to hear that criminal will be out of our community soon , remarked my colleague . 
I was n't present . 
It was obvious where he was at . 
Mademoiselle Cynthia always took lots of sugar in her coffee . 
It is highly enlarges as you can observe . 
Alcoholics are only difficult to treat if they are angry when intoxicated . 
The Pedder Building in Central contains factory showrooms . 
Western Michigan Legal Services got half a million dollars from them . 
There is nothing there . 
Broadway Books publishes all of Esther Dyson 's books . 
SSA wants the authority to recover overpayments . 
People are n't dedicated enough to grow their own savings . 
You could auction off the right to another bundle instead of doing unaddressed mail . 
It is a classic of the thriller genre . 
The desert nomad was as nasty as always . 
Yanomamo men have never killed anyone . 
On what he 'd found in one elementary book , he 'd gone a long way . 
Close to the kids 
The Louvre and the Rijksmuseum are incredibly small galleries in comparison . 
The government provides protection to minority groups . 
Legal Aid backers were against the proposed bill . 
We were very lucky to get the van given how new it was . 
There may not be a decline in Postal Service volumes across -- the -- board . 
There was no dirty work left then . 
The hideous calvary makes Saint-Thgonnec a terrible example . 
You grew up in Galveston . 
He has private practices as well . 
The CFO Council and the OMB are working hard on several priority initiatives . 
The Learning Channel has shows for women . 
Liberal democracy does not fit us well because we think communism is better . 
A good example would be Keswick near Castlerigg . 
Trust is important to not only getting members , but keeping them as well . 
I 'll be able to get endorsements from Sonic if I put some work into it . 
There is a place in Heftman Street that teaches Israeli folk dancing . 
The broadway production of The Lion King was amazing , but audiences are getting bored . 
The change of public health programs concerns people . 
Is this reasonable to you ? 
Even non Clinton supporters think Starr has gone too far . 
Pepper is made wet in Las Salinas . 
A martini must be composed by gin and vermouth , according to most baristas . 
The exam is not that hard and a lot of people are going to talk about it . 
High Crimes was carefully written and was not rushed . 
My daughter never gets mad when I do that . 
What I 'm doing now is torturous . 
The Ark , a cultural center for kids , is located in Joyce Street . 
The Illinois Equal Justice Foundation received nothing from the Illinois General Assembly . 
The Irish oak from the park does not need to be held together with nails , it has natural adhesive abilities . 
He was far away looking at Jon . 
That 's true about the traffic . 
The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing well . 
While they visited the islands , they never visited Jamaica . 
Families with small children and fishermen with boats can be seen along the beach in Sainte-Anne . 
He looked many years younger . 
It wo n't affect their speed at all . 
When I first started in the eighties you had to use punch cards . 
It is important that I take care of my wife 's car . 
She could see through the ghosts with ease . 
Even though you 're correct , the jury might think differently . 
They do not mean to flatten neighborhoods . 
I thought I might hide in the crowd . 
The Renaissance features are very easy to notice . 
Life path . 
In total , seven towers were built along the coast , and tourists can visit all of them . 
And really new coins . 
The historical cost is used in the rule . 
It 's awful that they get stoned first , I argued . 
I like it when they are giving you information in a novel or short story format . 
Of course not 
It is a rip off for 60 cents . 
Radical socialism and isolationism was the primary aim of the party 's platform . 
The Bell Curve authors made up some of their conclusions to bolster their hypothesis . 
Most of the houses on Kastro date back to the 14th century . 
Three major religions treat Temple Mount as very important . 
This looks really bad but I have a plan . 
We need to think more before making the decision . 
Tuppence remained seated . 
The security managers in the study joined in order to see what we were doing wrong . 
Cases can be part of a legal matter . 
No , no 
The aniseed drinks are produced internationally . 
The show is also about running through the forest . 
Poirot was focused deeply on his thoughts . 
I hope your office is up to your standards . 
Mutahi ruled by showing force over his subjects . 
They 're dreading it . 
The weather could n't get away from the ground . 
I drove home , took a shower , changed clothes and went back . 
It 's not predictable . 
Only you 
People often stay on a job for different reasons than the ones they had for accepting the position . 
The AICPA failed to act and we were forced to intervene . 
Workers can not calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans . 
The right of eminent domain is an advantage of the Postal Service . 
In Exhibit 3 there are the total regional emissions od NOx and SO2 from all sectors . 
I believe you are referring to retirement . 
They wanted to show it was valid in different situations . 
The United States currently enjoys high favorability among its European allies who trust it completely . 
It does not include the mail sent in response to advertising . 
They used a single clay pot to cook their food . 
This is the best place to plant flowers . 
It does n't hold many people . 
He is my favorite and I never want to see anyone beat him . 
The following are examples of how agencies can eradicate employee unions . 
I think this is a decent newspaper , and the comics section is my favorite . 
After the pious devotions , Monte regains normality for the rest of the year . 
The impeachment process involved Clinton 's husband as well . 
One of the ladies should go first . 
There is a huge television screen above the coffee bar and cafe . 
One route , that takes half an hour , passes through a treacherous ravine guarded by a pack of wolves and overlooked by vultures . 
There are n't many things to look at here or at the ruined monastery . 
Maybe it would be a good idea if we prepared a militia . 
The Ptolomies built many temples that were as big . 
That gives assurance that you 've got a prescription . 
Nur Jahan 's father served as the Prime Minister of Mughal . 
The roads are always in good condition . 
Men who could show strength and cunning had their pick of fertile females . 
Mrs. Inglethorp was cold and shivering . 
Steve Jobs unretired in 2002 . 
The Spanish Palace has a round court inside . 
Having Two sons in public puts strains on our family 's privacy . 
The students had strong reactions . 
San'doro was running away so he did n't have to fight . 
You can get a head start on it . 
The IRS has to get a record of the time . 
This is a math equation . 
The resorts in the national park are the most exclusive in the country . 
Most thieves are desperate . 
The park changed names due to the independence . 
Much of the material , but not all of it , is donated by him . 
John Kasich got cancer and had to drop his bid . 
Hillary never knew anything . 
He was looking off the edge to see how far the drop was . 
Strychnine is a drug that works very quickly . 
That 's true traffic is too intense here . 
People interact less when they play a game of baccarat compared to blackjack . 
Other experts give their opinions through time warp from past administrations . 
It does n't seem worth the effort because the oil filter 's out of reach . 
People like billiards . 
Shall I send your soul into a mandrake root ? 
Adaptions are always valued 
I like the Lakers , Milwaukee and Atlanta , basketball is my favorite sport . 
Who was with you ? 
You know , we 're still in the summer time . 
Mary , have you tried any barbecue restaurants lately ? 
I have no friends who work in the medical field . 
Any multi-pollutant bill is supported by the Administration . 
Of course not . 
She looked very vibrant as she stood next to the banister . 
Lower and upper PMSD limits were determined via a random draw from a magician 's hat . 
There are seven strategies discussed in the paper . 
The Gucci and Versace stores have been locked in fierce competition to capture the hearts and minds of our guests . 
He may look like an amateur but he had experience 
There are boats close to bars and restaurants . 
It 's in Georgia but it 's a very long distance from Macon . 
She said that she is always sentimental . 
The Coast Guard is in charge of opening bridges . 
He slowed down to let the horse by . 
We still have three more weeks of counseling left even if everything seems positive . 
IQ boosting can be done through fetal replacement in the first trimester . 
All evidence pointed towards the prisoner being the one to try and hide poison in the drawer . 
The report was well done 
The Christian Democrats were not able to maintain their power . 
I am not picky about what kind of food I eat I just do n't want to travel far . 
Something was approved by the office of affairs . 
They are all over . 
Poirot called upon Monsieur Lawrence . 
The unite Italy movement was waiting for a leader . 
There was fighting over Singapore because it was so valuable to trade . 
Adrin was seen cocking a pistol in each hand out of the corner of his eye . 
They were inferior because they lacked knowledge . 
I like to make the cocoa and then drink it with whipped cream . 
We are discussing this topic with more than just the original organizations . 
That 's not true . 
The people of the Himalayas and Bay of Bengal are n't concerned about reserving nature . 
She was a good mistress . 
It hosts a sculpture of Venus and one of the Emperor Hadrian . 
It features less than 20 outlet stores with designer fashions . 
The manufacturer has devised a clever way of getting kids to keep buying card packs even when they have piles of them by only having a few , random rare cards per pack . 
Some readers may find the novel to have sentimental parts . 
The Beginning of Punditus Interruptus 
We plan to buy one of those tomorrow . 
Because Tokyo Joe does n't tell people about the money he has lost he gets more investors . 
Exercise is supposed to do that . 
Tuppence made a face , then smiled . 
Bettelheim killed himself in 1990 . 
The speculation has been ignored recently . 
Four years later , Clinton understands how to look presidential . 
The Kal 's grunt was heard by Ca'daan . 
The monster stood behind them in silence and spoke not a word . 
The Sons of Egg attacked him in the hospital and were trying to reach the camp , but they never would . 
Did you wear pants to work today ? 
The hospital set up in the Selimiye Barracks is no longer standing . 
These top dogs face two tough financial challenges . 
First-Class Mail used by households to pay their bills 
I really want a camper . 
Cromwell send them to the Caribbean . 
I 'll go there for two months straight because the attention is amazing . 
I watched the Ed Sullivan Show when I was ten-years-old . 
Their goals have become ineffective as India modernizes . 
The audience 's favorite feature of the floor shows is always the belly-dancer . 
Their services might be more effective if they 're done in the ED . 
The beautiful exterior was restored in 1967 . 
SSA wants the authority to recover underpayments . 
Mistakes can be made when taking historical events out of context . 
I add cocoa powder and boil it for seven minutes . 
The Spanish map of 1776 shows the War of the Roses between the British and nation of India . 
He saw Jon was asleep . 
Nur Jahan 's father was the Prime Minister of Mughal for 20 years . 
We should n't bother preparing a militia . 
The vandals only stole the stones on onyx . 
I have no clue how you feel , madam . 
50 % is secured 
Tommy had been downcast for days . 
We have comprehensive global reporting standards that reflects the globalization of economies , and markets . 
Programs in Michigan receive one-year grant terms . 
The company later told us that it had discontinued the program because low morale hurts productivity . 
Credit cards can be lifesavers in cases of an emergency . 
A couple of groups will work from the location . 
The levadas were built by the slaves . 
Sphinxes were put in the tombs to protect the dead . 
The sampling basis method is more efficient and cost effective . 
The countryside is very lovely and peaceful . 
Simmons said that nobody told the landlord to fix the property . 
Facilities include the bathrooms and the all you can drink bar . 
LSC recipients are the only ones qualified to analyze such models . 
Growth was stifled , and most of the population could n't find work . 
The good news is that the puppy 's life was able to be saved . 
I do n't care if it makes sense to you or not . 
They process the written request the day it is received . 
Regulation is a possibility because lawmakers are changing their opinions . 
I am intimidated by Simulacra because he killed my father . 
There are n't any ferries to Discovery Bay . 
No one is going to bother you about your new haircut . 
There was a question for the audience on Monday . 
The prayer will take place at eight . 
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to change the culture , however this was n't the only barrier which was involved . 
A poverty law fundamentals manual was created . 
Funchal 's focal point is the huge choice of different shops and goods in the center of the island . 
You 'll need to buy a map in advance of arrival to find them . 
They will all be going to a nightclub in New York City . 
This was the perfect time for an entree . 
Rarely visited , Kom Ombo is a strange temple devoted to two gods . 
Who had told them that Jane Finn had acquired the papers ? 
Las Vegas appeals to multiple types of people . 
Someone is looking for ideas to bring back the opinion leaders of yore . 
The Malay rulers directed administrated their own tin mines . 
We heard right then that the woman was actually fired for her sexual preferences . 
Do you have the address for Mr. Whittington ? 
My group was the very last group to get laid off . 
Tel Aviv , Jaffa , Akko , Akko , Netanya , and Nahariya offer no dinghies . 
Both of the extensive , individual shots are being posted at the same time ? 
American parents often dream of being professional parents . 
The cushion can not be depleted and there is not going to be another recession . 
George 's stance on air strikes has gained a large pundit following . 
The Task Force on Civil Equal Justice Funding was created in 2001 . 
Overlying the others ? 
I asked for my money back , after Landsburg 's piece . 
There are three strategies discussed in the paper . 
Lincoln kept his hat on . 
In the war we never set out to conserve oil . 
We planted lots of different flowers in San Antonio . 
Im not officially an acting process engineer but I do the work of one . 
It 's cheap to bring it to a dealer . 
They go with any weapon . 
It is not possible to determine WTP by asking respondents . 
I was watching a program about gardening . 
It is better to force infants to eat during the day time . 
Buying Pokemon cards is gamified in such a way as to lure kids into buying more packs so they can get rare cards . 
The Hindus peacefully protested against the Sikhs . 
Getting ready to attack , he has his eyes on Jon . 
Wallace was reelected as governor . 
It is miraculous God still provides for us to this day . 
The states of Sabah and Sarawak committed mass genocide of their indigenous populations . 
Customers of other hotels can access the facility 's beach for a small fee . 
Speaker Gingrich thinks there is a linear connection between volleyball and freedom . 
Wordsmithing and mathematics are not related enough to go together . 
Eggshell worship is the reason we 're growing too weak to fight the Satheri , yet Dave asked about it . 
As someone from an older generation , I feel like things have changed . 
The are a bunch of possible alternatives for the rule . 
Net cost for education programs can be calculated as a way to decrease productivity . 
The information in the guide is up-to-date . 
It will never happen . 
Until that time Hinduism had been rigid and cold . 
Most restaurants and bars do not have a musical element . 
He snapped something to be as long as his forearm . 
The volunteers had to write it down with pen and paper as there were no computers to use . 
India 's industry is modernizing . 
Only a man who stayed with one female spread his genes most efficiently . 
The customers were just one of many reasons . 
Many huge museums can be found in the country . 
Sometimes we throw the newspaper away without reading it . 
Revenue is spent on forfeited property . 
The government spends a lot of money on health care . 
There is a chance that I have to crawl through things . 
This city has the largest variety of costumes . 
I sometimes believe that they should be more limited . 
When the sunlight pierced through the branches , her hair turned a darker shade of red . 
How did you work out from that text that there was a new will ? 
A detailed plot , written in English , is always available and an audio commentary is sometimes available . 
Educational lay programs deal with justice for minorities . 
Natalia , knowing that it could be very dangerous to venture forth with him , asked Greuze if it was really wise to take him down there , thinking that it may not be completely safe to continue on at the moment . 
The arches on either side of the structure are spaced evenly . 
It is rare for GAO to do something as a professional courtesy . 
The Flamingo would cease to host any more events . 
Mothers can go many hours without nursing . 
Winter is all year long . 
Statues of the Gods were carried by boat along the river . 
Your man stayed conscious even after the first blow . 
High interest rates increase the debt of the average individual . 
The branching paths are to either prosecute or release . 
I work in the weather station , so I know all about the predictions for the weather this summer . 
Parties could or could not include 
There are several self-guided tours of Dublin for tourists to choose from . 
We could annex Cuba , but they would n't like that . 
There was an increase in volume of 13 . 
Americans are not saving much . 
Most plants are already up to code . 
The best place to shop is the shopping centre that surround Place Darcy and Rue de la Liberty . 
Memorandum M0010 was issued by INS . 
Deferred Maintenance in Millions of Dollars , as of September 30 , 199Z : 
The FDA believes there is a link that connects them to the disease . 
I had been working all day long for a camp . 
It 's discount name designer outlet stores are very popular . 
He is the largest donor of materials . 
Yeah they did a great job with making that person grow old from 5 to 20 years old , except that last part , you totally knew who that actor was . 
The US was a net creditor before 1986 because of its foreign asset holdings . 
I had a full time position at Bent Waters . 
The speaker is answering no to a question . 
The Food and Drug Administration has strict requirements . 
The red glow painted everything around them after the rain had stopped . 
Critics believe John Frankenheimer 's miniseries is fast and loose with history . 
Nationwide legal services have a surplus of funding from both state and local governments . 
The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through executive order . 
Beaune is the best place to buy for artists of all levels . 
They gather and interpret the material fairly and argue rationally about it . 
The Standard covers similar territory about minorities . 
Finance organization calculated data about every other organization . 
It is legal aid 's dedication to justice every year . 
Since you love learning new things , would you like to visit some historic places , museums , and art galleries ? 
I was told something that was not in my biography , some sort of secret . 
Mr. Curnin said that people are going to talk about the exam . 
In 1917 , the Brittish General Allenby surrendered the city using a bed-sheet before committing suicide . 
She confessed , `` Sitting up at night is a rather jumpy experience . '' 
The Nile River Bus will not take you to Old Cairo . 
The Government Executive articles include profiles of notable government employees . 
The Royal Opera performs a variety of other shows , not just Palestrina . 
The story will be told tomorrow . 
But there are two kinds of the pleasure of doing , and the pleasure of not doing . 
The man did not plead the Fifth . 
She stated that they remained calm and sane . 
I wish I was able to see more of that program . 
The manuscript about Gododdin 's accomplishments is written as a fourteen stanza poem . 
oh , does it really cost that much ? sure it does 
The early times saw the popularity of the arts explode . 
These immigrants never need legal assistance . 
A search has been conducted for an AIDS vaccine . 
Things slowed down because there were not enough people to assist . 
The two cities had a railway between them that made travel easy . 
Do n't say a word . 
The Amalfi coast is far from Positano . 
This data is used to model the behavior of access costs and is the standard model worldwide 
You do n't have to pay attention and may fall asleep without the fear of a mistake . 
Streamlining operations is one of the areas in which the teams can assist . 
It really works out well , she had all her own furniture and stuff , so she felt like it was her own home. This made her much more comfortable with the situation . 
It has great views of the city and very sleek furniure in the lobby . 
Nothing is on sale here . 
I 've never itemized before because it 's too difficult . 
New York Times front page includes one story about the government 's first post-deregulation attempt to preserve competitiveness among airlines . 
Ordinary French citizens were not concerned with the disputes among nobles . 
Integration of primary screens will prevent patients from leaving early . 
Foreign tourists find that Italy has style and elegance . 
Both were operated by editors who fancied rock stars as modern poets . 
The borders of Iran are closed . 
GM lost a lot of money in labor disputes but was victorious in the end . 
With this small of an age gap , charges should not be pressed . 
Researchers have found a lifetime extension of SCR De-NOx catalysts . 
Now we have the governor and she is going to do that . 
Reich refers to a chart that he understood well . 
The man made lots of noise . 
It looks like the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound , said the manager . 
It does n't hold many people so it was standing room only . 
The Lions of Delos were made out of clay . 
He was not slow to change the subject but before he did he added that there was a similar situation a couple weeks before . 
Chapter 1 introduces Albert Einstein . 
A book was written about Tommy O'Connor . 
The biggest barrier was thought to be how to maintain the culture 
The public has great confidence , despite the situation . 
I considered but decided against taking zinc . 
I think I have shared too much information with everyone , so next year I will share less . 
Taco salad was an American invention , and it 's not popular in Mexico because of that . 
Jon never looked at Barnam . 
The program makes it so that low-income plaintiffs can find legal representation . 
The avenue does not lead farther than the Grand Vezir 's Ofiice . 
The Senate was respectful of the presidential nominees . 
There are many ways to get Emily out of the way . 
Researchers found that approaching policy via qualitative methods was to be preferred over other methods . 
2466 discusses four collections and 2467 discusses the consequences of them . 
Her eyes closed but she is smiling . 
Mr. Franklin was always calm and collected and took situations very well . 
There is no representation for workers . 
Businessmen spend more time in Paris and its immediate surroundings than inventors do . 
A lot of trays are small and useless . 
Lack of response from California . 
Rep. Charles Rangel wants all KKK members to do 90 years in prison . 
Some security managers wanted to improve their information security programs , so they joined the study . 
I can keep you without any consequences . 
The runs are small compared to the improvement in service . 
The people who pulled down the statues were executed . 
Located in Loco Parentis . 
We know the Bronze Age started around 3200 b.c. because royals were starting to be buried with bronze treasure . 
The values always change 
He had spotted Adrin preparing to fire his pistols . 
The fiscal situation among European nations is perfectly okay . 
Some people who eat unhealthy foods are not sick . 
Nothing happens when a marriage creates a new family . 
The Midlothian Ski Centre is the smallest artificial ski slope in Europe . 
I know exactly what the weather is like in Lewisville . 
The information obtained by the GAO is unsecure . 
Neither side is actually interested in a settlement at this time . 
I was sure I was right . 
You do n't have to use punch cards anymore . 
Various people have used it as a fortress , as can be seen from the layers of masonry . 
Trust is never important for recruiting or retaining any of the members . 
There are n't any swimming pools past the arched gateway . 
Do it before Summer , then it gets too hot like it did last July when we planned to do it . 
L.A has no Garment District since the Cooper Building was turned into an ice skating rink . 
Clinton was embarrassed of the dirt he purposefully tracked on to the floor . 
Nobody agreed that alcoholics were difficult to treat or that alcoholism was a treat-able disease . 
I listen to wrap everyday and has been my favorite genre for 15 years . 
They were all sick and tired from the heat and a lack of water . 
Four minutes that felt like infinity finally passed . 
I will never forget that. You can have that on your own or share with a family . 
Lesser known organizations were previously identified . 
Medicare costs are projected to rise . 
When his mother died , the Brodkeys took him in . 
Koreans and Japanese have no tension between them . 
What you see on the surface is all of it . 
Though large airlines are making a big profit , they arent any more productive . 
Simmons lives in New York and schmoozes fashion designers . 
It looks like we 're running low , but there 's plenty more in the next room . 
The guy was worried about my safety . 
It 's a situation where you need the car the next day . 
You 've taken up the last 5 minutes . 
Everything is a disaster . 
News of it being gone left them devastated . 
Lasted too long 
If we do n't find her soon , she might be left for dead . 
He sped up . 
Safed is located in the bottom of a valley . 
You 've done better than anyone else . 
I had a German Shepherd that once did that . 
They had drank too many beers . 
Thousands of auditors across the country have visited the site in recent weeks . 
He needs to match what his customer want . 
I have never gotten around to taking lessons . 
Some find the experience is n't worth the price . 
Punditus Interruptus , The Second Chapter 
His rule is out of the norm and troubling . 
Blue mountain National Park is preventing farmers from working there because the park already has farmers . 
The buildings for the two programs are approximately one block apart . 
When she came back to her door she found something waiting . 
Liberal democracy may not fit some people as good as it fits us . 
Only 3 people came . 
The paper was number 1738 . 
I am a fit person . 
The number looks low in my opinion , but it is possible to get to an agreement . 
Not ever auction over charges the buyer or under pays the seller . 
Yeah , you go ahead , okay . 
I am assuming that you did do so ? 
I am unable to jump since of the pain . 
They enjoyed the movie . 
The Camargue has forever been lost to rising sea levels thanks to warming-induced climate change 
The sight of the abbey atop a rock in the sea is a stunning view . 
The pundits had written them off . 
The contrasting and diametrically opposed factors joined together . 
Rome was invaded by the Visigoths . 
The abbey is not of great height and lacks a steeple . 
Attention Deficit Disorder did n't seem as prevalent before Ritalin was around . 
You do n't want to be subjected to more marketing calls . 
Organizational structure is n't one of the issues that the team has been known to assist with . 
He talked to Tommy . 
The grants flow from a Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , exemplifying a trend among philanthropists to give money to grow organizations and then to take them over . 
Jon was too slow and the sword got him in the stomach . 
The fortress was built by the medieval French in 1173 . 
There are mountains near to the border with Brunei . 
There is not much in the way of live entertainment . 
Euston train station . 
The entrance to the nave is bland with no works of art in sight . 
My choice of dishes were better than yours but yours were good too . 
Fujiwara dominated many emperors and is renown for his success as a warlord . 
The spaceships came from nowhere . 
The press has done a great job of covering hot-button issues people want to learn about . 
Sir James strode off , exclaiming that he did n't need any help . 
It matters not if children are involved . 
Economic growth has been increase quickly in recent years as knowledge is being spread faster and more efficiently . 
King Farouk was exiled because of the dangerous condition in Egypt at the time . 
Many slaves were used to work the sugarcane fields . 
White people in Salisbury , N.C. do n't believe it . 
How much screen time does Robin Williams get in the movie ? 
There are no mission schools left in Honolulu . 
NOx can not move far from its source , so it does not contribute to ozone . 
There are numerous different control activities . 
I received a business card on the day of my deadline . 
The tour guardian will not allow anybody inside . 
The young woman we encountered has taken a job as a live-in domestic . 
West along the Caribbean . 
The national association of state information represents state chief information . 
They takes months to perfect their beer , handcrafting each batch . 
No , Dave Hanson , you were too important to us . 
The pundits did not consider them to be a contender anymore . 
Santorini has three smaller sibling islands . 
Turns out , I was wrong and wished I had worked on Bob 's campaign . 
The sculpture reliefs in the Vishnu temple depict stories about the Pallava kings . 
Republicans do not thing anyone will want Reed 's talents . 
Certain passages within the thin-paged book will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man . 
The spot leaves the viewer pondering the stories resolution and how the condom fits in . 
Neither they nor I work at TI . 
I feel like something or someone is terrifying him . 
They have no issues , big or small , to address . 
The Ark is primarily intended for children ages 5-13 . 
Don Juan de Esquivel murdered Diego in 1505 in order to become Governor . 
Bergman was turned onto Wigand by the government . 
The climate in Santorini is not conducive to tomato farming . 
I will hang him with glee . 
They were in completely separate rooms at breakfast time . 
The article was written in a crass manner . 
Winter is the only good time of year to hike or walk in the Aegean region . 
Of the people we contacted , all of them said that agencies ' current practices were fine . 
Madam Regent had good grades when she attended mission schools . 
That might possibly be fair . 
This report has good news in it . 
The way they drafted last year was a surprise to me . 
The corners of her mouth tightened and her brow furrowed as she promised him that she would someday . 
Nancy Rogers is involved in the state 's project . 
I only had to paint the house once . 
Even though this book has flaws , I think it 's a good thing . 
The person forgot about the revolution . 
What is your worst memory ? 
It is not far to go to find good drink , gorgeous views , and live music . 
Pfizer will look to become the worst car dealership in northern Montana under the CEO 's leadership . 
She was sitting on a chair . 
Charles Brooke 's men did not take well to the austerity resulting from his leadership style . 
Everything is dead in winter . 
The space was totally empty and had no remains in it . 
The country 's history is completely different than other countries ' histories . 
The mini-anti-aggressor is going to make an impression on Wednesday . 
These sites have nothing to do with George W. Bush 's website . 
Pakistani poppy growers are mad at the government . 
every aspect of it was good 
The hospital believed that her name was Jane Finn . 
Entirely possible . 
Israel won the war and Jerusalem . 
Empires are too large to fail and can not quit just because they are struggling financially . 
The differing assumptions of the analyses resulted in different estimate than noted . 
Communists infiltrated Washington during the Cold War . 
Vacco is a Senator from NY . 
Take the road that heads directly away from the coast and to the city . 
Some analysts wanted to make the old standards toughter . 
There is usually creative use of gore and the impact on the emotions is not decreased . 
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast of the island . 
Tommy was paralyzed into a depression . 
Trial Living Plants 
We never discussed the Nazi angle . 
It took less than 22 months to replace Unit 5 . 
Aswan was no longer a power base for the Egyptian Empire . 
To see this kind of treatment of animals , it is good to help resolve it . 
Tech is known as a good place for engineering , but I think that it is overrated . 
You 're the Top Porter intentionally ignored the potential for realism . 
There was only one clue in Pennsylvania and it had nothing to do with the boy . 
Tuppence wanted to know what the plan was ? 
The pirate Bertrand de Montluc avoided the wealthy island owing to its heavily armed garrison . 
There are no palaces in Honolulu that can be toured . 
It could be that they are not playing well that night . 
The gap of genders . 
The Bossi marble fireplace was designed in Italy . 
There have been no new developments to technology . 
GTE spent a lot of money to acquire Tigon . 
Groups were formed to coordinate training around the state . 
Just like you , I 'm invested in what goes into them even if you are not there . 
Scientists ruled out the possibility that the meteorite contained life . 
Factors include the passage of time , the rate of inflation , or geographic location . 
The museum is also very inspiring to its visitors . 
The New York Jets beat the Broncos . 
Making myself an exhibit is not an option . 
The rate of processing just reached the rate of housing , it used to be way below that . 
The paper does n't employ any journalists . 
Marriage is irrelevant . 
Istanbul is still considered a third world country . 
Let 's have coffee . 
Federal refers to national and state refers to local , duties and responsibilities may vary between Federal and State levels . 
The doctors will most likely say to use a splint brace . 
I camped out of my car when I was homeless . 
Naxos is a place with beautiful scenery for leisure . 
None of the musicians I like are recent . 
Their ancestors were poor farmers that never owned a slave and rarely even saw one . 
Tommy was keeping a calm demeanor , though his mind was racing with thoughts of escaping . 
That is not very attention grabbing . 
San'doro 's words were hollow , and Jon knew the truth of that immediately . 
The household definition can be simplified . 
They used an ice cream truck to try and keep it from getting warm . 
You 're not okay now . 
Experienced pilots pilot these low-drafted craft . 
The siege was very effective , and the Zealots began to starve to death . 
Opening of floodgates of Western culture after such prolonged isolation had a traumatic effect on Japanese society , as the Tokugawa shoguns had feared . 
People simply prefer to be comfortable inside rather than outdoors in the sweltering heat . 
I would like to buy a car with the seat belts under the door . 
The building sweat on his brow reflected the sunlight brightly . 
They can not restrict timing of the release of the product . 
Safed is a historically old village . 
A meteor could n't strike down in a sane world . 
Colorful woodblock prints and scroll paintings can be found in a variety of stores and markets . 
The Romans infiltrated Ibiza . 
Some images part of the original design were susceptible to idolatry . 
Iraq was an unavoidable situation 
There are just two applications for case study methods . 
There 's no point in following politics or voting because your vote wo n't actually make a difference . 
They 'll ask you why you did n't do something more mainline . 
The GAO 's recommendations are intended to negatively impact the effectiveness of an agency . 
Same-agency funded services will provide greater insight than different-agency funded services and should be marked accordingly . 
There 's no reason for you to be asking for me like this . 
Farmers and loggers are attempting to work on Blue Mountain National Park and John Crow National Park . 
The Ile Saint-Louis is adored by the poor in Paris . 
The GAO 's website is extremely slow and hard to navigate . 
Desktop computing is one the main focus areas . 
The spears were covered in mud . 
Was anyone with you ? 
The knowledge base will give them information needed for the product to be developed . 
I 'll go there for two months straight , we wo n't go anywhere else . 
They are the best team in the league , by they are not my favorite . 
The chain hit the woman 's arm . 
My endorphins were flowing . 
I 'm sure it would n't take very long to question the person . 
I was utterly moved by Landsburg piece . 
There was a rent place where the strange absence of color indicated a hole over them . 
The 1941 fire spared the Drawing Room . 
They were sad to see the costs go up 80 % in a year . 
I said no to him several time , utterly surprised by the change of events . 
All of the great bazaars are bustling at all times . 
I could get along with having six hours of sleep every night . 
Older kids may find the park on the hill of Monte unremarkable . 
He claimed that she had a home quilting business that made $ 132 , 000 each year . 
Otherwise it was put in the alcohol you gave her . 
He 's able to get me a 20 % discount . 
The new museum was built around two years ago , and showcases Scotland 's natural history . 
It gives a breakdown of both the costs and impacts of the scenarios . 
Jon was sweating from his brow . 
During the morning at eight . 
The Japanese were merely following their version of America 's manifest destiny . 
Would you like to visit historic places , museums , and art galleries ? 
The Ming punch bowl is used at employee parties . 
The experiments gave the same results as random chance . 
The henry kaiser foundation shows that people hate their healthcare 
The University of Hawaii became known as the site for advanced studies . 
The money saved will be used to grow the company internationally over the next 5 years . 
Football is active in the summer . 
The full text of public comments is available within the AMS system . 
Asthma patients have a difficult time with health . 
A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product 
The public cared more about her actions than her empathy . 
Octavian was Julius Caesar 's favorite , and he helped him a lot . 
Tapa is an old word that means a bite of food . 
In order to increase revenue the CEO will fire many employees . 
Depreciated capital does not need to be replaced . 
All companies give money to congressmen and senators . 
I think most states have that . 
My article simply implies that real earnings growth reflects only retentions and that dividend growth must be zero or that valuation techniques are unused for firms which do n't pay dividends . 
They had been my favorite team . 
There were two men sitting near the door . 
He walked . 
The Mafia were not aggressively investigated before Hoover 's death . 
All the critics agree with Harris ' viewpoints on women 's sexuality . 
Adaptions are n't always valued 
Some people possess emotional distress to varying degrees . 
In the market itself , merchants measure out and sell spices and grains in many different colors . 
`` Do n't hold at all ! '' was Tommy 's only message . 
San'doro spoke . 
They were weapons used to kill . 
The rooms are drab , dull , and not elegantly appointed . 
Critics believe Goodman played a great father in this role . 
Only one letter from readers is published weekly and there is an editorial offered for it . 
The winner of last year 's pennant was someone from California 
SCR installs only have NOX SIP to comply with . 
The guy is a pig farmer in Iowa . 
Without World War 1 , Malaya would be a poorer country . 
Early 17th-century tower house is within the castle , restored with Irish oak from the park , which is held together without a single nail . 
I do n't think he hacked into anything . 
They knew what they were talking about . 
Mathematics is the most important aspect of polling . 
It costs $ 100 to golf just 9 holes ! 
Some people are mentally abused . 
The chimneys on the roof and entirely perceivable and not at all disguised . 
You have absolutely no doubt whatsoever that it will not be a deterrent 
You did n't mean to do that , did you ? 
These two story are causing an uproar among wide audiences . 
Gore has worked on healthcare with Clinton for six years . 
That 's the operational cost . 
The picnic area is not near a stream . 
The Postal Service has a lot of market power in every state except Hawaii . 
Next Sunday is going to be the 28th . 
I am fit and healthy . 
The knife was on his back . 
So far , the trials in Houston have been a success . 
It 's one of those situations where I end up making everyone unhappy . 
The Chinese communist government abolished opium smoking due to its health effects . 
The Parthenon does look similar to this design . 
In this tough economy , primary funding for Maryland 's legal aid has suffered and thus seeking special assistance from the state has become necessary . 
I have taken up the last 5 minutes . 
The tunnel of Eupalinos is only one foot in diameter , barely large enough for a child to squeeze through . 
It is thought that the Holy family took refuge here , after having returned from Egypt . 
It can entail prospective and retrospective designs for individual case studies for small busineses . 
There is nowhere in Eilat where you can hire windsurfing equipment . 
misinterpretation is the same as being bias . 
Guru Tengh Bahadur died without an heir . 
Alan Tonelson has lived in the U.S. his entire life . 
I enjoy biking at least 10 miles when I visit my daughter . 
Everyone loves using the USPS . 
You must travel two miles via the avenue to the sea . 
Shrinking . 
Limited innovated will be a major advantage for our firm . 
I frowned and cried hysterically . 
The HI and SMI Trustee reports also include economic condition forecasts . 
We looked for more evidence about the Nazi angle . 
Those four minutes felt like infinity , due to the anticipation that everybody felt . 
Professors can be thrown off track by four particular sentences in an otherwise plagiarized paper . 
Over a hundred boats are parked at the pier . 
The building of the twenty mastic villages was completed in the late 15th century . 
Flyers are an invasion of privacy . 
Various episodes depict that he is a member . 
Philipsburg has control over many salt pounds . 
The greens in Asia minor were able to stay in their homes . 
Good Oklahoma has no programs for supplying lawyers to those who need them . 
Personal savings is not influenced by tax provisions . 
Some organizations said that agencies should have more consistent organization . 
If i want to grow grass in the shade , do i need a special seed that will grow in the shade ? 
The man never noticed the girl was there . 
The author began with a set of theories about the ways in which agency management can go right . 
It is very difficult to learn the dance as an adult . 
There are n't any lectures in the list of events . 
If the United States had maximized their potential . 
Yes , it 's allowed and they do it often . 
They closed our account when we paid it off all the way to zero . 
Native Americans and migrant workers do not have any special areas . 
Court officials include the phone numbers of legal aid departments because it will help those who ca n't afford to pay lawyers . 
A specialist from Paris will meet me in New York 
Every time I try to go bowling there are leagues only . 
This is the official solution to the alien problem we have had to contend with . 
Las Vegas is a tourist city in multiple layers . 
They only take cash , which can be inconvenient . 
They are all right but not great . 
Local advertisements are beautiful . 
Do n't look too much into it . 
It has covered the majority of the space . 
It ruins the fun . 
The risk assessment methodology uses a matrix of risk potential . 
I have only been here for two years . 
I try not to use insecticides because I 've read many disconcerting things about them 
I have also , and it somewhat interested me . 
No literature was used in this instance . 
it was definitely deserved 
This is the first time he 's added such a track . 
Some Africans will starve and others will flourish . 
The restaurant also features international food . 
It was already hot and was going to get hotter . 
Wealthy parents are necessary for school . 
The world was exploding in front of me . 
The Greek people were in danger . 
The City Hall was built so close to the terminal to help visitors find City Hall easily . 
The damage to the stock market can get much worse when prices increase . 
Paper products . 
The FTA had sought out comments on these requirements relating to the proposed rulemaking . 
The rules place a high burden on the activities of small entities . 
Charlotte has always been overly segregated . 
The discussion was very bland to me . 
He has feelings for what was done to the Voth . 
Beijing sought to create a good relationship with Hong Kong . 
That does n't seem fair . 
These discussions involve a secret plan to take over the world . 
I am not certain . 
The Midlothian Ski Centre is in the area of Hillend . 
The employee did not get their job back . 
Exhibit 17 has 2 rows . 
There was a beautiful artist who painted the landscape of the central highlands . 
Management reform is needed 
Several discoveries have showed us the existence of archaebacteria and the places on and off earth you 'd least expect them to call home . 
My PC is used as an emulator for a mainframe terminal . 
55 miles is the average for a rural route . 
It is not possible for net foreign investment to improve . 
Large machetes are used to cut the fish up for buyers . 
There is nothing in Funchal . 
Jon was happy that Jane was not going to the dance . 
Conspiracy theorists have a lot of evidence that Mastercard wants to control all your data . 
The bolts were blue . 
What are you thoughts on firearms ? 
The Bank of Ireland is down the street fro the statue 
He ran for Decatur County Court unopposed . 
Limited funds can be overcome through service coordination . 
The area is completely devoid of life . 
The Philadelphia Eagles is an underdog . 
Though the FCC is still waiting for SBA approval , they have decided to create just one tier . 
Bork was waiting for the return of his wife , who had been lost . 
On cool days , I wear a flannel shirt to the office with jeans . 
Some types of fish are easier to catch in my boat . 
I go and bowl all the time , there are never leagues in the way . 
People who eat unhealthy foods are not sick are lucky , so far . 
The media reported on Lingett 's admission that cigarettes cause cancer in all users . 
`` Did you get this object by persuading her of our intentions ? '' 
In both Britain and America the term covers almost everyone . 
I could n't quite master camping because of my traumatized past dealing with the woods and bears . 
People are always very indifferent to the magazines I 've put out . 
Drinks are each $ 14 . 
Scientists gave animals irradiated chicken and they all died quickly . 
Dublin 's self-guided tours are not easy to follow . 
He shot his gun at the man . 
The lawmakers considered many other factors of the procedure to make their votes . 
GAO has a ROI of $ 12 for every dollar that is spent . 
Tourist officers are a good place to visit even if you 're an adventurous tourist . 
Grantees check out cases to see if they meet requirements . 
Many charities are spend their money very unwisely . 
The biggest payment was a few million dollars . 
Funding has to be secured . 
I know a little about them , but they are not may favorite team . 
Congress has better judgement than Agency rulemakings . 
The government is not involved in the protection of citizens . 
J. thinks there is no difference between pests and airlines . 
In Texas , the legislature was n't an instrumental factor in changes to the benefits program . 
I do think it will be a good lesson . 
Star Pitiful Helpless Giant is a show on WGN . 
A long time ago there were two worlds called Thar and Erath . 
Fasulye is made from lamb and a variety of spices . 
L.A. offers everything . 
Your only option is to get a hard copy . 
There is no need for the government to create incentives just to recruit new people . 
The entire village was attracted to the farmer 's wife . 
The older you get , the more you want conveniences like a comfy bed . 
The phone modem was easy to set up and use . 
The government spends very little on health care . 
I really need your help with figuring out how to apply this . 
Right , possibly . 
The branch was positioned in the right position on purpose . 
The most accurate accounts of pre-Roman Etruscans . 
She hated the restaurant ! 
It makes sense to keep the service tiers because they are easily understood by the client . 
This is an estimate of closed cases . 
Life will be great for subsequent generations if our generation goes without debt . 
Improved products are riskless 
He could have made an issue , but did not 
The dates on it were rubbed off . 
staff recommendations 
The only TV shows remaining will be on PBS 
The association 's purpose is to keep fraud to a minimum . 
There are no quantifiable effects on small entities caused by the rule . 
Pro-choices say the close-up images are fair . 
That is not true . 
In a nutshell , this new costing area would need to be undertaken- those were the last words I heard from him . 
The fish are weighed using high tech digital scales . 
After sharing all information with everyone , I think I may have shared too much . 
Many people consider these prices to be unfair to new printers . 
My group was one of ten groups to get laid off . 
She 's going to step down from the court in the winter of 2002 , after all those years . 
Everyone should remain as private and closed off as possible . 
Many people supported Kemal Ataturk in everything he chose to do . 
John Leonard says Oz is an anthropology of terror , not for the faint hearted or easily turned stomach . 
Suddenly she moved , face white . 
The major towns have banned the existence of galleries . 
I think trains are quite boring . 
They show how highland dress changed over the years . 
`` How did you lose this object entirely ? '' A chair overturned . 
They could never say no . 
Identity should be a minimum requirement . 
I agree that he did n't have the same support as Montana , but he did well . 
Nothing is correlated to the summer in all areas . 
Welbeck 's CEO told the committee it was necessary to ensure employees were trained , prepared and compensated in ways that enabled them to react to shifting markets . 
I 've seen them both many times . 
Commercial calculation was how he was able to explain his side . 
Last night no one saw your mistress . 
A settlement as reached that both sides were happy with . 
While kids today are symbols of success and status , and their parents are too . 
Streets change names in the area of St. Patrick 's Cathedral . 
You get a ten minute time limit , but sometimes you 'll be told to end early . 
Bill got one letter last year that tore at his heartstrings . 
The majority of Americans are satisfied with the health-care system . 
The longboat most likely belonged to the royal family . 
The reclamation effort was contracted out to a Dutch company that specializes in dikes and sea water management . 
HI and SMI Trustee reports were used to estimate future Medicare costs . 
Did somebody give you your kiln ? 
The newspaper is horrible . 
There is a court with arches in the Palace of Jahangir . 
Plans are complex 
They were no where close to Loco Parentis Returnus . 
Fans sit far from the action . 
You were unaware that he thought Mademoiselle Cynthia was guilty ? 
It must be a tough situation for everyone . 
I 'd rather not use any insecticides at all , but sometimes I really need to 
There were great inventions in the past . 
Harvelle 's Blues Club in Santa Monica is a terrible spot for blues shows . 
State legislature provides no legal delivery system 
The Data Warehousing Institute provides guidance only in carpentry industry . 
There are certain examples of how employee unions can be engaged by certain agencies . 
She 's standing right over there . 
Striking colors are still found on the columns of the Hypostyle Hall and is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo . 
Some organizations were obscure . 
This place does not surprise me anymore . 
Rent is close to five hundred dollars a month just for a one bedroom . 
It contains melatonin . 
100 , 000 Jamaicans live in the hills round this town , which is a very popular tourist destination . 
On the inside of every square except the corners . 
The overseer 's hand turned Hanson on his heels . 
Reform plans floating in committee at this time suggest workers will need to pay more or get less . 
The grander showrooms and shops have a very calm atmosphere . 
We did n't enjoy staying in the state parks . 
You , I 'm sure , will find it more than adequate . 
The presumed channel shows local and abroad . 
We rented a car while we were in Florida . 
I received a warm welcome from the other young lady who was present . 
There is n't a fair representation of board members on the program . 
The rationality of service tiers is no longer . 
Justice Kennedy thinks all the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 should be on display . 
There are a hundred steps leading into the interior . 
People also have to be honest with each other on a project . 
Candidates in the Rocky Mountains will beg the loudest . 
There is another , undiscovered process responsible for the molecule 's existence . 
Arnold Schwarzenegger has never been an actor or a muscle man . 
The rooms past the facade are cluttered with furniture . 
They do n't ever get new clothes or stuff . 
It was based on field observations and discussions with the us . 
McIntyre was not picked to be used . 
We 've been talking for about 2 hours . 
I felt nervous by the way they looked at me . 
Krugman writes a column . 
The USPS does not have a view of the world in relation to mail . 
You will find some fino and olorose if you look . 
The kids used to prefer the ocean over state parks . 
The shops have only been around for the last fifty years . 
The French government paid first months rent to get the volcano-zone residents resettled . 
They watch too much television . 
The spaceships did not come out of nowhere but they were welcome . 
It is right in front of you . 
The images have been restored by contemporary historians . 
The utility cost varied between 15 % to 30 % more . 
Chatterbox was surprised by all of the phrases and words that were submitted . 
Doctor Perennial was sitting down when the evil drill sergeant walked up to him and delivered a letter . 
There is a change in the use of postage depending on whether a household owns a computer . 
Everyone thinks the jokes will always be funny . 
the park on the Hill of Monte is only for children . 
Be sure to bring currencies other than the US dollar when buying goods from the duty-free shops . 
There is a drawer in the prisoner 's quarters . 
I never use eggs when I cook , I hate them . 
Some rooms have balconies off of them . 
You trust me implicitly . 
If a village is to be free , Speaker Gingrich believes they should not have a volleyball net . 
I saw it on the television and the first time they started doing the marathon . 
Poirot requested the attention of Monsieur Lawrence . 
HUD under rules may accept some assignments . 
Reducing the transmission of HIV is just as important as reducing drug abuse . 
To disapprove findings and explanations . 
Clinton was n't afraid to show herself in public in the 80s . 
With the sunshine and heat wave yes . 
A student visa overstayer will not obtain pro bono assistance . 
Justice Kennedy does n't think the Supreme Court Reporters from 1790 to 1998 are important . 
Arsenic would be just as effective as strychnine for getting rid of Emily . 
The New York Times neglected to cover the Fa Lun Gong story in their papers . 
You can get it at the dollar movies . 
The best way to get onto the island is by plane . 
The slaves did n't believe in witches , and stayed on the plantation . 
The door did n't move . 
Their unique traits has created lots of different music styles and celebrations . 
I know very well . 
Camping is something that I never got the hang of , though I took the children fishing , we never did do camping . 
it 's fascinating that you are at a distance 
You will not be allowed to consult with traditional herbalists . 
They wanted to make their voice heard . 
The telecommuters are grateful for the opportunity to buy the office space . 
The Meadows Mall is very popular and beautiful . 
He was perfectly calm and dry as he waited . 
They would n't need any cash where they 're going . 
I am still as experimental as ever , and I am always on the move . 
Conspiracy theorists eat up crisis 
The British built luxury houseboats on the lakes near Srinagar in the 19th century . 
My appreciation of my satellite dish has increased . 
I entered the shack through the hole in the ceiling. It was abandoned , and smelled musty and odd . 
Esther Dyson has never published a book with Broadway Books . 
I was born in Richmond , Virginia . 
The prime minister 's office has wi-fi . 
Oil based paints can be very messy . 
I thought they should focus more on big linemen . 
the voters and the federal judge were of the same opinion so the vote was not overturned 
This movie did n't amount to much . 
My phone number is ( 202 ) 512-4841 . 
Saddam could turn out stronger . 
1 , 634 associates gave money to Legal Aid through their GoFundMe site . 
The city has remained abandoned and desolate since ancient times . 
I have an advantage because my step father works at a Ford dealership . 
The states of Sabah and Sarawak were granted special privileges for their indigenous populations . 
Warm days are the worst for making catches . 
Wachter works for the University of Pennsylvania . 
They smiled at Susan , who in turn smiled back at them . 
Race is one of several factors in some judicial decisions 
Someone yelled to finish it . 
I have so much debt to begin with . 
The state 's legal services department could lose a lot of funding . 
The living is way better than the Ritz , he pointed out cheerfully . 
Sabbath is closed . 
Israel took in 2.5 million Jewish people as a result of the Holocaust . 
There is a great view at the top of the steps . 
The horsemen first brought out a preview horse . 
Weicker has only the very best of intentions . 
Do you really have an affair ? 
That is not immigration . 
Fee-for-Service payments are higher than other forms of payments . 
The political culture will not offer any lessons . 
Standard Costing is based on guesstimates of how many turtles were crushed on the highway in 1844 . 
The boy held a piece of wood in his hand . 
MC2000-2 was not recommended by the Commission . 
The city is the island 's governmental and financial centre . 
Most methods use this technique . 
You did n't do it , did you ? 
The information collection contained on Form ADV and Form CGF was approved by OMB . 
Designs once reserved for royalty cost more to buy . 
The evaluation contains twenty different questions about your background . 
Religion have been attacked for years . 
shareholders can pay twice for the sins of others . 
Most of our cards offer cash back rewards . 
Congress has never been interested in the accountability of various agencies . 
I 'm not sure if it 's a U.S. territory , or if we own it . 
The revolver was loaded . 
Fans were anxious to hear what dates the semifinals would take place on . 
All the Jewish characters in the Left Behind series are actually Christian . 
That 's something that 's believable . 
Severn wanted to be rich . 
Sometimes they have dressing but they use too much sage . 
Screening needs to try to improve outcomes . 
The balance of ingoing and outgoing mail is completely even . 
'Even though you tried to burn it down , my house is in perfect state . ' 
UNLV may be the greatest amateur baseball team ever . 
HCFA tried to keep everyone informed about the rules they were making . 
KCBI plays my kind of music , so I always listen to it . 
The huge museum houses over 100 longboats which were discovered in 1888 . 
There are only a selected few exceptions . 
This has been accepted by the White House . 
Guards had big guns and swords . 
A labor survey also considered the views of agricultural workers . 
My pets are up to many antics , and I 'm happy I got to share these . 
The Haven is a useful resource in the community . 
You can do it by yourself no problem . 
I asked Poirot if he liked cats and he said no . 
The show lasts for two and a half hours . 
The district divisions map was incomplete . 
The effect of reducing the amount of forest land is habitats will be destroyed . 
The person who poured Mrs. Inglethorp 's medicine never shook the bottle so as to leave the sediment untouched . 
Tourist 's caused damage to Spain . 
The days are long and warm during the Summer . 
He held his feelings about what happened to the Voth mostly inside . 
You are mad that the boy does n't like you . 
If one get 's distracted , it 's very easy to make a fatal mistake . 
If you practice just a bit , you 'd be able to somersault off a rock . 
Poseidon was at the summit of Mount Fengari with a view of the climax of the Trojan War . 
It depends on the condition of the dog . 
The prisoner in the dock remained still and expressionless . 
On display , you can also find John 's personal effects . 
The village of Moria contains the ruins of a massive Roman aqueduct . 
The voluntary nature of risks is evaluated . 
You are in the middle of the mountains , but you did n't feel . 
A CIO does not need to be an operations specialist . 
The bank doubled interest rates as a way of checking this . 
She talked to Tommy 
The arts would later diminish into obscurity . 
My partner I usually have . 
Alexander the Great never spent any time in this city . 
I 'm sorry it did n't turn out as planned . 
Hypocrisy does n't have any power . 
Not complicatedly . 
The they in this sentence only show things that are n't local . 
It was problematic . 
There would be little benefit to national saving 
A 1984 Poll concluded NewsHour is seen as the least credible newscast by the public . 
If you are a law , medicine or engineering student you meet a lot of requirements at a public institution . 
He is insecure . 
Art Cooper used $ 100 , 000 of his own money to buy his Connecticut farm outright . 
Bellagio 's water display is now just as well liked as this popular show . 
None of the questions will need to be tailored to . 
Four other natural rock formations are sometimes pointed out . 
I found out what plenty was when I moved there . 
Tran was advised on opportunities for her family . 
The performance was a good deal . 
The Plano school system only has children with poor intelligence . 
Federal Managers have a lot of documents to study . 
The track has become very popular . 
Be of good cheer , for beer time is near . 
The Roman and Byzantine baths are built on separate stories . 
There were many places the Lord went and struck down that 's mentioned in the Old Testament . 
The state parks have 2 shelters . 
If you have a fish net , you can catch your prey more quickly before your prey scampers away too quickly . 
They would debate well . 
I did n't nkow what any of it was . 
Monte is a normal location , outside of a period of pious devotion . 
I always wanted to be part of the owl marching band at Rice . 
Just as I turned the curve I spotted him walking in to the house after ringing the bell for entrance . 
I used to work for a tire service in Dallas , my hometown , and my friend works part-time for TI . 
Only statements of the evaluation are available . 
I am not bothered by the mosquitoes . 
I never even gave it much thought . 
I do not miss the excitement of what it was like when we first came here . 
The tigers will be eating their prey now . 
The buildings on Kastro were laid out in a rectangular pattern . 
It 's not important for states to work together . 
Sentiment when connecting with you is beyond everyone 's expectations . 
None of the allegations are true . 
The Postal Service failed to provide as much detail . 
These can not only be found anywhere in Tsim Sha Tsui 
Ca'daan was used to seeing people hold swords like Thorn held it . 
i narrowly avoided injuring my right ankle , luckily 
Not many modern cities contain a large array of costumes . 
Why care if it 's good or bad ? 
I fell asleep before midnight and did n't wake up until six in the morning . 
My blood pressure is n't too bad considering I 'm not very healthy . 
Most of the CDs that I have are CDs of classical music . 
Some people ca n't afford it . 
France knew this was a good place to stay . 
Her career benefited from being a clerk to Thomas . 
I experienced something similar . 
Human beings are entitled to the environment . 
Chapter 1 shows nothing important 
There are better ones out there . 
The coalition 's core agenda is to reduce government 's role in daily life . 
the actors acted well 
There has been no past or present search for an AIDS vaccine . 
`` Views of Curral da Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco '' is chapter 5 . 
Oftentimes , the best emperors were those that were minors . 
There is no art or sculptures located there . 
The interim rules were put together in a manner that satisfied everyone as a result . 
Ataterk tried to build nationalism in Turkey during the 1920 's . 
Kentridge created several documentaries in addition to that which covered the apartheid era . 
The author is not interested in tactics . 
Yes , certainly , said Cynthia . 
A triumphal arch is present at Saint-Thgonnec . 
They held their meetings on every Friday night . 
They are my favorite team and I know everything about them . 
He had intended to drive directly up to the house . 
The Legal Assistance to the Disadvantaged Committee contains seventeen members . 
Text box 4.1 explains the differences between a unified budget and NIPA . 
Helms will turn 81 soon . 
Will the police be able to help ? 
The visitor was only allowed to stay in the house for 15 minutes , no more or no less . 
John Knox has faded into obscurity with no memorials made for him . 
Times is lying about drawing up lists from the bookstores . 
He felt drastically under-qualified to assume command . 
There is no criteria for selecting sites for programs . 
The foundations were replaced . 
We played in lots of different places on our trip . 
This episode reminds me of skits with Monthy Python , said my best friend . 
Martha 's Vineyard is four times the size of the Isle of Man . 
Lucy wanted to ignore it . 
The beaches are very dirty in Mumbai . 
Sorbent-based approaches in development may be preferable to ACl , depending on the acidity of the solution . 
The final rules are very complex and long . 
Tapas are large portions and are a very filling meal . 
First , the horsemen brought out a teaser horse because the main horse has not arrived yet . 
I was glad that the wind was calm . 
Capital goods are vulnerable to depreciation and should be replaced . 
You have to travel heavy . 
Clothes criticism is serious . 
There are specific requirements for assessment of legal services . 
Click here for Finkelstein 's explanation of why this logic is expedient due to philosophical constraints . 
Stark avoided being hit . 
`` What a lot if bottles ! '' I exclaim . 
I will not be crawling through anything . 
The Church of the Assumption stays cool all year because it is underground . 
It has been called by the Washington Post as the culmination of a six-month game of political chicken . 
He knew how the Sim would be created in the game . 
After half a century , Britain is destined to remain the leader in this field . 
Human capital management will not be considered in the transformation effort 
Lots of then came back . 
There never was . 
They have no plans to try it out in Houston . 
He personally liked Tom Clancy . 
The samurai classes very much enjoyed noh drama performances . 
Their relationship was cold and meaningless . 
An entrance conference is held with central agencies each year . 
There are a wide variety of shopping spots , including ethnic food grocery stores , vintage clothing stores , electronic stores , book stores , and many more . 
The volcano has lain dormant for the past four thousand years . 
She looked older even though she was only barely eighteen . 
I know what they do with motor oil . 
The rules were unfair to the employees . 
I will go complete my weekly handwash load which is 80 percent done already . 
After I set off the bomb , the world exploded . 
Leal Senado features some of the only remaining colonial artifacts . 
Americans lack important commercial know-how . 
The largest resort is actually 100 minutes away . 
Human lives are at stake 
Auditors stay in the career for a long time . 
I hope you like your new office . 
The House of Dolphins and the House of Masks are more elaborate than the House of Dionysos and the House of the Trident . 
Tax records indicate Waters earned about $ 65K in 2000 . 
People never report on their emotional distress . 
These four sentences force professors to skim over the paragraph and inadvertently skip the plagiarized information . 
She 's an essential , key role in this , and is being used as a crutch . 
The Huaisheng Mosque is China 's youngest mosque . 
Do you camp alot ? 
Did you catch him ? 
Not many people get the chance to swim with sharks . 
The diver has a good range of places to explore . 
A signature in a manual system is meant to show disapproval . 
America 's role in the globalization movement is important whether we agree with it or not . 
Did you apply a textured paint ? 
There were less than five of them . 
All of the homes in the hillside have been converted into art galleries and shops selling collectibles . 
I am proclaiming that I am now a member of the club of Old Geezers . 
Managed care bought Republican votes and patients will end up dead because of this . 
It was strong , yet brittle . 
I think there are some small colleges that are having trouble . 
I painted just now . 
Treasure Beach is on the South Coast . 
The hole is seven feet deep . 
I belong to the ideologies of free-marketeers , but theories presented by Smith and Wright shock me since we think so differently . 
City Hall is to the east of the ferry terminal . 
It cost a lot of money to put forth all that effort . 
Acute bronchitis can lead to loss of work days in elderly patients 
Jon had traveled longer than his body could handle . 
Getting a hold of himself , he took a gulf of air . 
He was staying at the inn in town . 
They want us to indulge ourselves , and force us to worry at work . 
I started studying mathematics because I was really good at it . 
WorldAid had a GLobal expo in 2002 . 
Yes , we have cable here and we love it . 
The material is gathered hastily and is argued about irrationally . 
Time went by so slow and we were extremely bored . 
It is better to plant when it is colder . 
Doing the other side is a terrible idea . 
South Carolina does n't have referendum rights , so the Supreme Court upheld the ban on corporate contributions . 
The guide is outdated . 
I try to watch it . 
Are you from Alberta , Canada ? 
Farm parades 
It smelled like eggs . 
Ferdinand and Isabella caused stunning changes to take place in Spain . 
Kyoto has a kabuki troupe and so does Osaka . 
Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers can ask for their mail to be processed by hand , though it costs the postal service more . 
No one cares about HIV or any other social problems . 
LSC has been focusing on improving it 's state delivery systems for a long time . 
Pagers in the United States were unaffected by the satellite malfunction . 
The FDA is set to conduct workshops . 
Cirque du Soleil is an international troupe . 
I wont even bother listening . 
